The Project Gutenberg eBook of The Romance of Lust: A classic Victorian erotic novel

This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: The Romance of Lust: A classic Victorian erotic novel


Author: Anonymous

Release date: October 14, 2009 [eBook #30254]
                Most recently updated: July 16, 2021

Language: English



*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE ROMANCE OF LUST: A CLASSIC VICTORIAN EROTIC NOVEL ***



 The Romance of Lust

 (1873)

 A classic Victorian erotic novel

 1892 edition


 by Anonymous




 Contents


VOLUME I

VOLUME II

VOLUME III

VOLUME IV




VOLUME I.


CONTENTS


The Novice—Mrs. Benson—Mary—Mrs. Benson’s Correspondence with Mrs.
Egerton—Miss Evelyn—Eliza

There were three of us—Mary, Eliza, and myself. I was approaching
fifteen, Mary was about a year younger, and Eliza between twelve and
thirteen years of age. Mamma treated us all as children, and was blind
to the fact that I was no longer what I had been. Although not tall for
my age, nor outwardly presenting a manly appearance, my passions were
awakening, and the distinctive feature of my sex, although in repose it
looked magnificent enough, was very sufficiently developed when under
the influence of feminine excitement.

As yet, I had absolutely no knowledge of the uses of the different
organs of sex. My sisters and I all slept in the same room. They
together in one bed, I alone in another. When no one was present, we had
often mutually examined the different formations of our sexes.

We had discovered that mutual handlings gave a certain amount of
pleasing sensation; and, latterly, my eldest sister had discovered that
the hooding and unhooding of my doodle, as she called it, instantly
caused it to swell up and stiffen as hard as a piece of wood. My feeling
of her little pinky slit gave rise in her to nice sensations, but on the
slightest attempt to insert even my finger, the pain was too great. We
had made so little progress in the _attouchements_ that not the
slightest inkling of what could be done in that way dawned upon us. I
had begun to develop a slight growth of moss-like curls round the root
of my cock; and then, to our surprise, Mary began to show a similar
tendency. As yet, Eliza was as bald as her hand, but both were prettily
formed, with wonderfully full and fat mounts of Venus. We were perfectly
innocent of guile and quite habituated to let each other look at all our
naked bodies without the slightest hesitation; and when playing in the
garden, if one wanted to relieve the pressure on the bladder, we all
squatted down together, and crossed waters, each trying who could piddle
fastest. Notwithstanding these symptoms of passion when excited, in a
state of calm I might have passed for a boy of ten or eleven.

My father had left us but moderately provided for, and mamma, wishing to
live comfortably, preferred giving me lessons along with my sisters at
home to sending me to school; but her health beginning to fail, she
inserted an advertisement in the _Times_ for a governess. Out of a large
number of applicants, a young lady, of the name of Evelyn, was selected.
Some ten days afterwards she arrived, and became one of the family.

We did not see much of her the first evening, but after breakfast the
following morning, mamma accompanied her to what was considered our
schoolroom, and said, “Now, my dears, I place you under Miss Evelyn’s
care; you must obey her in all things; she will teach you your lessons,
as I am unable to do so any longer.” Then, turning to our new governess,
“I fear you will find them somewhat spoiled, and unruly; but there is a
horse, and Susan will make you excellent birch rods whenever you require
them. If you spare their bottoms when they deserve whipping, you will
seriously offend me.” As mamma said this, I observed Miss Evelyn’s eyes
appeared to dilate with a sort of joy, and I felt certain that, severely
as mamma had often whipped us, if we should now deserve it, Miss Evelyn
would administer it much more severely. She looked amiability itself,
and was truly beautiful in face and person, twenty-two years of age,
full and finely formed, and dressed always with the most studied
neatness. She was, in truth, a seductive creature. She made an
instantaneous impression on my senses. There was, however, somewhat of a
sternness of expression, and a dignity of carriage, which caused at once
to fear and respect her. Of course, at first, all went smoothly enough,
and seeing that mamma treated me precisely as she did my sisters, I came
to be regarded as quite a child by Miss Evelyn. She found that she had
to sleep in the same room with my sisters and myself. I fancied that on
the first night Miss Evelyn did not approve of this arrangement, but
gradually became familiarized with it, and seemed to think no more about
it.

When bedtime came, we all kissed mamma and retired early, as usual. Miss
Evelyn followed some hours later. When she came in, she carefully locked
the door, then looked at me to see if I was asleep. Why, I know not, but
I was instinctively prompted to feign sleep. I did so successfully,
notwithstanding the passing of the candle before my eyes. So she at once
commenced undressing. When her back was turned, I opened my eyes, and
greedily devoured her naked charms as they were gradually exhibited
before me. The moment she turned round, I was again as if asleep. I have
said that my passions had begun to develop themselves, but as yet I did
not understand their force or direction. I well remember this first
night, when a fine ripe woman gradually removed every particle of dress
within a couple of yards of me—the effect of each succeeding charm, from
her lovely and beautifully formed bubbies to the taking off her shoes
and stockings from her well-formed legs and small feet and ankles,
caused my prick to swell and stiffen to a painful extent. When all but
her chemise was removed, she stopped to pick up her petticoats that she
had allowed to fall to her feet, and in lifting them, raised also her
chemise, and exposed to my view a most glorious bottom—dazzlingly white
and shining like satin. As the light was full upon it, and she was still
in a stooping position, I could see that below her slit she was well
covered with dark hair. Turning round, to put her petticoats on a chair,
and to take up her nightgown, she slipped her chemise from her arm, and
letting it fall to the ground while she lifted the nightgown over her
head, I had for some seconds a view of her beautiful belly, thickly
covered with dark curly hair over the mount of Venus. So voluptuous was
the sight, I almost shuddered, so intense was my excitement. She now sat
down on the bed to take off her shoes and stockings. Oh! what beautiful
thighs, legs, ankles, and feet she had!

I am now advanced in life, and have had many handsome and well-formed
women, but I never saw limbs more voluptuously formed.

In a few minutes the light was extinguished, and a rushing rill flowed
into the night vase; very different from the gentle tricklings from
myself and sisters as we often squatted down opposite each other and
crossed water, laughing at the different sources from which they flowed.
My sisters often envied me the power of directing the spurt where I
pleased, so little were we from dreaming of the real intent of that
projecting little instrument.

I heard the charming creature get into bed, and shortly breathe hard. As
for me, I could not sleep. I lay awake the greater part of the night,
afraid to be restless, lest I should disturb Miss Evelyn and give her
reason to think I had been observant of her undressing. When at last I
dozed off, it was but to dream of all the charms I had seen.

About a month passed thus. Every night Miss Evelyn became more and more
at her ease, and confident of my mere childishness, often gave me
glorious and lengthened glimpses of her beautifully developed charms:
although it was only about every other night that I could enjoy them,
for, as they always produced sleeplessness afterwards, the following
night nature assured her rights, and I usually slept profoundly when I
would have preferred continued gazing on the charms of my lovely
governess. But, doubtless, those exhausting sleeps helped to throw her
off her guard, and gave me better opportunities than I should otherwise
have had. Once or twice she used the night ware before putting on her
nightgown, and I could see the rosy-lipped opening embosomed in
exquisite dark curls, pouring out its full measure of water; showing a
fine force of nature, and driving me wild with excitement. Yet it is
singular that I never once thought of applying to my fingers for relief
from the painful stiffness that nearly burst my prick asunder.

Whether mamma had observed my very frequent projection of my trousers,
or began to think it better I should not sleep in the same room as Miss
Evelyn, I cannot say, but she had my bed removed into her own. However,
I was so thoroughly treated as a mere boy by everyone in the house, that
Miss Evelyn seemed to forget my sex; and there was at all times a
freedom of carriage and an _abandon_ in her attitudes that she certainly
would not have indulged in if she had felt any restraint from
considering herself in the presence of a youth of the age of puberty.

In cold weather I used to sit on a low stool by the fire—Miss Evelyn was
seated in front, I had my lesson book on my knee, and she herself would
place her beautiful feet on the high school fender, with her work in her
lap, while she heard my sisters repeat their lesson, totally unconscious
that for half an hour at a time she was exposing her beautiful legs and
thighs to my ardent gaze; for sitting much below her, and bending my
head as if intent on my lesson, my eyes were below her raised
petticoats. Her close and tight-fitting white stockings displayed her
well-formed legs, for while confined to the house during our morning
lessons she did not wear drawers; so that in the position she sat in,
with her knees higher than her feet on the already high fender, and her
legs somewhat apart to hold her work in her lap more easily, the whole
glorious underswell of both thighs, and the lower part of her fine large
bottom, with the pinky slit quite visible, nestled in a rich profusion
of dark curls, were fully exposed to my view. The light from the fire
glancing under her raised petticoats tinged the whole with a glow, and
set me equally in a blaze of desire until I was almost ready to faint. I
could have rushed headlong under her petticoats, and kissed and fondled
that delicious opening and all its surroundings. Oh, how little she
thought of the passion she was raising. Oh! dear Miss Evelyn, how I did
love you from the dainty kid slipper and tight glossy silk stocking, up
to the glorious swell of the beautiful bubbies, that were so fully
exposed to me nearly every night, and the lovely lips of all that I
longed to lovingly embrace.

Thus day after day passed away, and Miss Evelyn became to me a goddess,
a creature whom, in my heart of hearts, I literally worshiped. When she
left the schoolroom, and I was alone, I kissed that part of the fender
her feet had pressed, and the seat on which she sat, and even the air an
inch above, imagination placing there her lovely cunt. I craved for
something beyond this without knowing exactly what I wanted; for, as
yet, I really was utterly ignorant of anything appertaining to the
conjunction of the sexes.

One day I had gone up to my sisters’ bedroom where the governess slept,
that I might throw myself on her bed, and in imagination embrace her
beautiful body. I heard someone approaching, and knowing that I had no
business there, I hid myself under the bed. The next moment Miss Evelyn
herself entered, and locked the door. It was about an hour before
dinner. Taking off her dress, and hanging it on the wardrobe, she drew
out a piece of furniture, which had been bought for her, the use of
which had often puzzled me; she took off the lid, poured water into its
basin, and placed a sponge near it. She then took off her gown, drew her
petticoats and chemise up to her waist and fastened them there,
straddled across it, and seated herself upon it.

I thus had the intoxicating delight of gazing on all her beautiful
charms, for when she tucked up her clothes she stood before her glass,
presenting to my devouring glance her glorious white bottom in all its
fullness, turning to approach the bidet, she equally exposed her lower
belly and beautiful mount, with all its wealth of hair. While straddling
over the bidet before she sat down, the whole of her pinky-lipped cunt
broke on my enraptured sight. Never shall I forget the wild excitement
of the moment. It was almost too much for my excited senses;
fortunately, when seated, the immediate cause of my almost madness
vanished. She sponged herself well between the thighs for about five
minutes. She then raised herself off the bidet, and for a moment again
displayed the pouting lips of her cunt—then stood fronting me for two or
three minutes while she removed, with the rinsed sponge, the trickling
drops of water which still gathered on the rich bush of curls around her
quim. Thus her belly, mount and thighs, whose massy-fleshed and most
voluptuous shape were more fully seen by me than they had heretofore
been, and it may easily be conceived into what a state such a deliberate
view threw me.

Oh, Miss Evelyn, dear, delicious Miss Evelyn! what would you have
thought had you known that I was gazing on all your angelic charms, and
that my eager eyes had been straining themselves to penetrate the
richness of those charming pouting lips which lay so snugly in that rich
mass of dark curling hair. Oh! how I do long to kiss them; for at that
time I had no other idea of embracing and still less of penetrating
them.

When her ablutions were completed, she sat down and drew off her
stockings, displaying her beautiful white calves and charming little
feet. I believe it was this first admiration of really exquisitely
formed legs, ankles and feet, which were extraordinarily perfect in
make, that first awakened my passion for those objects, which have since
always exercised a peculiar charm over me. She was also so particularly
neat in her shoes—little dark ones—that were _bijoux_ to look at, I
often took them up and kissed them, when left in the room. Then her silk
stockings, always drawn up tight and fitting like a glove, set off to
the greatest advantage the remarkable fine shape of her legs.

Putting on silk for cotton stockings, she took down a low-bodiced dress,
finished her toilet, and left the room. I crawled out from under the
bed, washed my face and hands in the water of the bidet, and even drank
some in my excitement.

Some six weeks had now elapsed since the arrival of Miss Evelyn. The
passion that had seized me for her had so far kept me most obedient to
her slightest command, or even wish, and, from the same cause, attentive
to my lessons, when not distracted by the circumstances already
detailed. My example had also had the effect of keeping my sisters much
in the same groove, but it was impossible this could last—it was not
nature. As long as all went smoothly, Miss Evelyn seemed to be all
amiability. We fancied we could do as we liked, and we grew more
careless.

Miss Evelyn became more reserved, and cautioned us at first, and then
threatened us with the rod. We did not think she would make use of it.
Mary grew impertinent, and one afternoon turned sulky over her lessons,
and set our teacher at defiance. Miss Evelyn, who had been growing more
and more angry, had her rise from her seat. She obeyed with an impudent
leer. Seizing her by the arm, Miss Evelyn dragged the struggling girl to
the horse. My sister was strong and fought hard, using both teeth and
nails, but it was to no purpose. The anger of our governess was fully
roused, and raising her in her arms, she carried her forcibly to the
horse, placed her on it, held her firmly with one hand while she put the
noose round her with the other, which, when drawn, secured her body;
other nooses secured each ankle to rings in the floor, keeping her legs
apart by the projection of the horse, and also forcing the knees to bend
a little, by which the most complete exposure of the bottom, and, in
fact, of all her private parts too, was obtained.

Miss Evelyn then left her, and went to mamma for a rod. In a few minutes
she returned, evidently flushed with passion, and proceded to tie Mary’s
petticoats well up to her waist, leaving her bottom and her pinky slit
quite bare and exposed directly before my eyes. It was quite two months
since I had seen her private parts, and I was well surprised to observe
the lips more pouting and swelled out, as well as the symptoms of a
mossy covering of the mount much more developed. Indeed, it was in
itself more exciting than I had expected, for my thoughts had so long
dwelt only on the riper beauties of Miss Evelyn that I had quite ceased
to have any toying with Mary.

This full view of all her private parts reawakened former sensations and
strengthened them. Miss Evelyn first removed her own scarf, laying bare
her plump ivory shoulders, and showing the upper halves of her beautiful
bubbies, which were heaving with the excitement of her anger. She bared
her fine right arm, and grasping the rod, stepped back and raised her
arm; her eyes glistened in a peculiar way. She was indeed beautiful to
see.

I shall never forget that moment—it was but a moment. The rod whistled
through the air and fell with a cruel cut on poor Mary’s plump little
bottom. The flesh quivered again, and Mary, who had resolved not to cry,
flushed in her face, and bit the damask with which the horse was
covered.

Again the arm was raised, and again, with a sharp whistle, it fell on
the palpating buttocks below it. Still her stubborn temper bore her up,
and although we saw how she winced, not a sound escaped her lips.
Drawing back a step, Miss Evelyn again raised her hand and arm, and this
time her aim was so true that the longer points of the rod doubled
between the buttocks and concentrated themselves between the lips of
Mary’s privates. So agonising was the pain that she screamed out
dreadfully. Again the rod fell precisely on the same spot.

“Oh! oh! oh! Dear Miss Evelyn. I will never, no, never, do so again.”

Her shrieks were of no avail. Cut succeeded cut, yell succeeded
yell—until the rod was worn to a stump, and poor Mary’s bottom was one
mass of weals and red as raw beef. It was fearful to see, and yet such
is our nature that to see it was, at the same time, exciting. I could
not keep my eyes from her pouting quim, the swelling lips of which,
under the severity of the punishment it was undergoing, not only seemed
to thicken, but actually opened and shut, and evidently throbbed with
agony. But all this was highly exciting for me to witness. I then and
there resolved to have a closer inspection at a more convenient
opportunity, which did not fail me in the end.

Meanwhile, her spirit was completely cowed, or rather, crushed. Indeed,
we were all fully frightened, and now knew what we had to expect, if we
did not behave ourselves. There was now no fear of any manifestation of
temper, and we felt we must indeed obey implicitly whatever our
governess chose to order. We instinctively learned to fear her.

A very few days after this memorable whipping, some visitors arrived—a
gentleman and lady. The gentleman was an old friend of mamma’s, who had
lately married, and mamma had asked them to visit her on their wedding
tour and spent a short time with us.

The gentleman was a fine-looking man, tall and powerfully built; the
lady rather delicate looking, but well shaped, with good breasts and
shoulders, small waist, and spreading haunches, well-formed arms, small
hands and feet, and very brilliant eyes.

I think it was about three days after their arrival that one afternoon I
went into the spare room, which was occupied by these visitors; while
there, I heard them coming upstairs. The lady entered first, and I had
just time to slip into a closet and draw the door to; it was not quite
closed, but nearly so. In a minute the gentleman followed, and gently
shutting the door, locked it. Mrs. Benson smiled, and said—

“Well, my love, you are a sad teaser; you let me have no rest. Surely,
you had enough last night and this morning without wanting it again so
soon?”

“Indeed, I had not,” he said, “I never can have enough of your delicious
person. So come, we must not be long about it, or our absence will be
observed.”

He seized her round the waist, and drew her lips to his, and gave her a
long, long kiss; squeezing her to him, and moving himself against her.
Then seating himself, he pulled her on his knee, and thrust his hand up
her petticoats, their mouths being glued together for some time.

“We must be quick, dear,” she murmured.

He got up, and lifted her on the edge of the bed, threw her back, and
taking her legs under his arms, exposed everything to my view. She had
not so much hair on her mount of Venus as Miss Evelyn, but her slit
showed more pouting lips, and appeared more open. Judge of my excitement
when I saw Mr. Benson unbutton his trousers and pull out an immense
cock. Oh, dear, how large it looked; it almost frightened me. With his
fingers he placed the head between the lips of Mrs. Benson’s sheath, and
then letting go his hold, and placing both arms so as to support her
legs, he pushed it all right into her to the hilt at once. I was
thunderstruck that Mrs. Benson did not shriek with agony, it did seem
such a large thing to thrust right into her belly. However, far from
screaming with pain, she appeared to enjoy it. Her eyes glistened, her
face flushed, and she smiled most graciously on Mr. B. The two appeared
very happy. His large cock slipped in and out quite smoothly, and his
hands pressed the large glossy buttocks and pulled them to him at each
home thrust. This lasted nearly five minutes, when all at once Mr. B.
stopped short, and then followed one or two convulsive shoves—he
grinning in a very absurd way at her. He remained quiet for a few
minutes, and then drew out his cock, all soft, with slimy drops falling
from it onto the carpet. Taking a towel, he wiped up the carpet, and
wrapping it round his cock, went to the basin and washed it.

Mrs. Benson lay for a few minutes longer all exposed, her quim more open
than before, and I could see a white slime oozing from it.

You can hardly imagine the wild excitement this scene occasioned me.
First, the grand mystery was at once explained to me, and my ignorant
longings now knew to what they tended. After giving me plenty of time to
realise all the beauties of her private parts, she slipped down on the
floor, adjusted her petticoats, and smoothed the disordered counterpane,
and then went to the glass to arrange her hair. This done, she quietly
unlocked the door, and Mr. Benson went out. The door was then relocked,
and Mrs. B. went to the basin, emptied and filled it, then raised up her
petticoats, and bathed the parts between her legs with a sponge, and
then rubbed all dry with a towel; all this time exposing everything to
my ardent gaze. But, horror of horrors! she after this came straight to
the closet and gave a slight scream on discovering me there. I blushed
up to the ears, and tried to stammer out an excuse. She stared at me at
first in silent amazement; but at last said—

“How came you here, sir, tell me?”

“I was here when you came up; I wanted my football, which was in this
closet, and when I heard you coming, I hid myself, I don’t know why.”

For some minutes she seemed to consider and examine me attentively. She
then said—

“Can you be discreet?”

“Oh, yes, ma’am.”

“You will never tell anyone what you have seen?”

“No ma’am.”

“Well, keep this promise, and I shall try what I can do to reward you.
Now, go downstairs.”

I went to the schoolroom, but I was greatly agitated, I scarcely knew
what I was doing. The scene I had witnessed had complete possession of
my thoughts. In years but a boy, the mystery now practically explained
to me had awakened all the passions of a man. Instead of studying my
lessons, my thoughts wandered to Mrs. B., thrown back on the bed with
her fine legs and thighs fully exposed; above all, the sight of the
pinky gash, with its fleecy hair at the bottom of her belly, which I had
seen for some minutes all open and oozing out the slimy juice that
followed the amorous encounter they had been indulging in. It seemed so
much more developed than Miss Evelyn’s. I felt sure that Miss Evelyn
could never take in such a thick long thing as Mr. B. had thrust into
his wife, and yet it appeared to go in so easily, and moved about so
smoothly, and so evidently to the satisfaction and utmost delight of
both, as was proved by their ardent embracings, fond murmurs, and
voluptuous movements, especially just before they both ceased together
all movement whatever.

Then I thought, how delicious it would be to treat Miss Evelyn in the
same way, and to revel with my stiff-standing prick in her delicious
quim, which in my mind’s eye I saw before me as I had viewed it on her
rising from the bidet, when I lay hid under the bed. Then I thought of
my sister Mary’s smaller, although attractive little quim, and I
resolved, as that was the easiest to get hold of, to initiate her in all
the newly discovered mysteries. I fully determined that my own first
lesson, as well as hers, should be taken on her little fat chubby cunt.
Then the recollection of its pouting and throbbing lips under the
fearful flagellation she had undergone, began to excite me, and made my
cock stand stiff and throb again. All the weeks of excitement I had now
constantly been under had produced a wonderful effect on my pego, which
had become considerably more developed when in a state of erection. As
you may suppose, with such distracting thoughts, I did not get on with
my lessons. Miss Evelyn, for some reason or other, was out of humour
that morning, and more than once spoke crossly to me for my evident
inattention. At length she called me to her, and finding that I had
scarcely done anything, she said—

“Now, Charles, I give you ten minutes longer to finish that sum, if not
done in that time I shall whip you; you are exhibiting the mere spirit
of idleness. I do not know what has come over you, but if persisted in,
you shall certainly be punished.”

The idea of the beautiful Miss Evelyn whipping my bare bottom did not
tend to calm my excitement, on the contrary, it turned my lewd thoughts
upon the beauties of her person, which I had so often furtively gazed
upon.

It was close upon four o’clock, at which hour we always broke up for a
run in the garden for an hour, and during this period I had resolved to
begin instructing Mary in the secret mysteries I had so lately been a
witness to. But fate had ordered it otherwise, and I was to receive my
first practical lesson and be initiated on the person of a riper and
more beautiful woman; but of this hereafter. At four o’clock I had done
nothing with my task—Miss Evelyn looked grave:

“Mary and Eliza, you may go out, Charles will remain here.”

My sisters, simply imagining that I was kept to finish my lessons, ran
into the garden. Miss Evelyn turned the key in the door, opened a
cupboard, and withdrew a birch rod neatly tied up with blue ribbons. Now
my blood coursed through my veins, and my fingers trembled so that I
could hardly hold my pencil.

“Put down your slate, Charles, and come to me.”

I obeyed, and stood before my beautiful governess, with a strange
commixture of fear and desire.

“Unfasten your braces, and pull down your trousers.”

I commenced doing this, though but very slowly. Angry at my delay her
delicate fingers speedily accomplished the work. My trousers fell to my
feet.

“Place yourself across my knees.”

Tremblingly, with the same commixture of feeling, I obeyed. Her silk
dress was drawn up to prevent its being creased—my naked flesh pressed
against her snowy white petticoats. A delicate perfume of violet and
vervain assailed my nerves. As I felt her soft and delicate fingers
drawing up my shirt, and passing over my bare posteriors, while the
warmth of her pulpy form beneath me penetrated my flesh, nature exerted
her power, and my prick began to swell out to a most painful extent. I
had but little time, however, to notice this before a rapid succession
of the most cruel cuts lacerated my bottom.

“Oh, dear! Oh, dear! Oh, dear! Oh, Miss Evelyn. I will do the sum if you
will only forgive me. Oh, oh, oh, &c.”

Holding me firmly with her left arm, Miss Evelyn used the rod most
unmercifully. At first, the pain was excruciating, and I roared out as
loud as I could, but gradually the pain ceased to be so acute, and was
succeeded by the most delicious tickling sensation. My struggles at
first had been so violent as to greatly disorder Miss Evelyn’s
petticoats, and to raise them up so as to expose to my delighted eyes
her beautifully formed silk-clad legs up to the knees, and even an inch
or two of naked thigh above.

This, together with the intense tickling irritation communicated to my
bottom, as well as to the friction of my cock against the person of Miss
Evelyn in my struggles, rendered me almost delirious, and I tossed and
pushed myself about on her knees in a state of perfect frenzy as the
blows continued to be showered down upon my poor bottom. At last the rod
was worn to a stump, and I was pushed off her knees. As I rose before
her, with my cheeks streaming with tears, my shirt was jutting out
considerably in front in an unmistakable and most prominent manner, and
my prick was at the same time throbbing beneath it with convulsive
jerks, which I could by no means restrain.

Miss Evelyn glared at the projection in marked astonishment, and her
open eyes were fixed upon it as I stood rubbing my bottom and crying,
without attempting to move or button up my trousers. She continued for
a minute or two to stare at the object of attraction, flushing scarlet
up to the forehead, and then she suddenly seemed to recollect herself,
drew a heavy breath, and rapidly left the room. She did not return
until after my sisters came back from the garden, and seemed still
confused, and avoided fixing her eye upon me.

In two days afterwards, all disagreeable marks of this very severe
whipping had disappeared. On the following day we were invited to pass
the afternoon at the grange, a beautiful place about two miles from us.
The afternoon was fine and warm; we walked there, and arrived about four
o’clock. Mr. and Mrs. Robinson were in the drawing room, but at once
desired us to go in the garden and amuse ourselves with their three
daughters, whom we would find there. We went at once, and found them
amusing themselves on a swing. Sophia, the eldest, about nineteen, was
swinging a sister about two years younger, a very fine, fully developed
young woman. Indeed, all three sisters were finer women and more
beautiful than the average of young ladies.

Another sister, Agnes, was not seated, but standing on the board between
the ropes. Sophia was making both mount as high as possible. They were
laughing loudly, when we found them, at the exposure each made—one in
advancing, the other retiring. Agnes’s light dress of muslin and single
petticoat, as she retired and the wind came up from behind, was bulged
out in front, and exposed her limbs up to her belly, so that one could
see that her mount was already well furnished. The other, in advancing,
threw her legs up, and exposed all the underside of her thighs and a
part of her bottom, and you could just discern that there was dark hair
between the lower thighs and bottom.

As they considered me but a child, I was no check to their mirth and
sport. On the contrary, they gave me a long rope to pull down the swing
when at its highest, and I sat down on the grass in front for greater
convenience. The fine limbs and hairy quims exposed freely before me
from moment to moment excited my passions. None of them wore more than
one petticoat, and they had no drawers, so that when they mounted to the
highest point from me, I had the fullest possible view of all. My cock
soon rose to a painful extent, which I really believe was noticed and
enjoyed by them, I observed, too, that I was an object of attention to
Miss Evelyn, who shortly seated herself in the swing, and allowed me to
swing her with the end of the rope. I even fancied that she threw up her
legs more than was at all necessary; at all events, she naturally, with
the strong feelings I had towards her, excited me more than all the
rest.

We were as merry as could be, and we passed a delightful evening until
eight o’clock, when it began to rain. As it continued, and became very
heavy, Mr. Robinson ordered out the closed carriage to take us home. It
was a brougham, only seated for two. Mary took Eliza on her knee, Miss
Evelyn took me upon hers. I know not how it happened, but her lovely arm
soon passed round my body as if to hold me on her knee, and her hand
fell, apparently by accident, exactly on my cock—the touch was electric.
In an instant, my member stood stiff and strong beneath her hand. Still
Miss Evelyn, who must have felt the movement going on beneath her
fingers, did not remove her hand, but rather seemed to press more upon
it. In my boyish ignorance, I imagined she was not aware of what was
happening. The motion and jolting of the carriage over rough road caused
her hand to rub up and down upon my erected and throbbing member. I was
almost beside myself, and to conceal my condition I feigned sleep. I let
my head fall on Miss Evelyn’s shoulder and neck—she allowed this.

Whether she thought I had really fallen asleep I know not, but I was
quite sensible that her fingers pressed my swollen and throbbing cock,
and I fancied she was measuring its size.

The tight grasp she managed to gain, and the continued jolting of the
carriage, brought me up at last to such a pitch state that a greater
jolt than usual, repeated two or three times in succession, each
followed by a firmer pressure of her charming fingers, caused me such an
excess of excitement that I actually swooned away with the most
delicious sensation I had ever experienced in my life. I was some time
before I knew where I was, or what I was about, and was only made
conscious of our arrival at home by Miss Evelyn shaking me to rouse me
up. I stumbled up, but though partially stupefied, I fancied Miss
Evelyn’s eyes shone with a brilliancy I had never before observed, and
that there was a bright hectic flush on her cheek. She refused to go
into the parlour, but hurried to bed on pretence of a headache.

When I retired to bed, and took off my shirt, I found it all sticky and
wet in front.

It was thus I paid down my first tribute to Venus. I thought long over
this evident approach to familiarity on the part of Miss Evelyn, and
went to sleep with a lively hope of a more private interview with her,
when I trusted that her evident passion would initiate me in the
pleasures to be derived from her beauteous body.

But again fate intervened, and another, not less beautiful, more
experienced, and more inclined for the sport, was to be my charming
mistress in love’s revels.

Two days after this, Mr. Benson was unexpectedly called away on pressing
affairs, which he feared might detain him three weeks. He left Mrs. B.
with us. As he had to be driven about nine miles to the town where the
coach passed, mamma took the opportunity of going to the town with him.
Mrs. B. complained of not being equal to the fatigue, and mamma told
Miss Evelyn she would like her company, and as the two girls wanted new
shoes, they could go also; I was to remain at home, and mamma desired me
to be quiet and attentive to Mrs. Benson, who, observing no one, said to
me, with a peculiar look:

“I shall want you to hold my skeins, Charlie, so don’t go out of the
way, but be ready for me as soon as they are gone.”

She then went up to her bedroom, where Mr. B. immediately joined her, no
doubt to re-enact the scene I had already witnessed from the closet on a
previous day. They were fully half an hour occupied together. At length,
all was ready, and off they went, leaving me to a fate I had little
dreamt of.

Mrs. B. proposed we should go up to the drawing room, which looked out
to the garden, and was nowhere overlooked. I followed her, and could not
help admiring her fine figure as she preceded me in going upstairs.
Although pale in complexion, she was well made, and very elegant in her
carriage, and sat down on a low easy chair, throwing herself completely
back, and crossing one leg over the other, apparently without being
aware that she carried her petticoats up with the action, and exhibited
the beautiful underleg up to the garter.

I had never forgotten the day, when secreted in the closet, I had seen
them completely exposed, and how charming they were. Her present
negligent attitude, although far from the same exposure I speak of, was
still, with the former recollection running in my head, enough to set my
whole blood on fire. I have before remarked what a power beautiful and
well-stockinged legs, and ankles and small feet, had upon my nervous
system, and so it was now. As I gazed upon her handsome legs, ankles,
and feet, I felt my prick swell and throb in a manner that could not
fail to be perceptible to Mrs. B, especially as her head lay on a level
with that part of my person as I stood before her.

Although she continued knitting, I could see that her eyes were directed
to that part of my person, and fixed upon the increasing distention of
my trousers. In a few minutes she gave me a skein of worsted to hold,
and desired me to kneel in front of her, so as to bring my hands down to
the level of the low chair on which she was seated.

I knelt close to the footstool on which her foot rested; it was raised
up, and a very slight movement brought it against my person, at first
rather below where my throbbing prick was distending my trousers. As she
commenced to wind her ball, she gradually pushed her foot further
forward, until the toe actually touched the knob of my cock, and
occasionally moved it right and left, exciting me beyond measure.

I flushed up to the very ears, and trembled so violently that I thought
I should have dropped the skein.

“My dear boy, what is the matter with you, that you blush and tremble
so, are you unwell?”

I could not answer, blushed more than ever. The skein at length was
finished.

“Charles,” she said, “get up, and come here.”

I rose and stood by her side.

“What have you got in your trousers that is moving?”

And here her busy fingers commenced unbuttoning them. Released from
confinement, out started my prick—stiff as iron, and as large as that of
a youth of eighteen. Indeed, I was better hung than one boy selected out
of five hundred of that age. Mrs. B., who had pretended to be perfectly
astonished, exclaimed—

“Good gracious, what a pego! Why Charles, my darling, you are a man not
a boy. What a size to be sure!” and she gently handled it. “Is it often
in this state?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“For how long?”

“Ever since Miss Evelyn came.”

“And pray, sir, what has Miss Evelyn’s coming had to do with it?”

“I—I—I—I—”

“Come now, Charles, be candid with me; what is it you mean where you say
Miss Evelyn has caused you to be in such a state, have you shown her
this, and has she handled it?”

“Oh! dear no; never, never!”

“Is it her face, her bosom, or her legs that have captivated you?”

“It was her feet and ankles, ma’am, with her beautiful legs, which she
sometimes exhibited without knowing.”

“And do all ladies’ legs and ankles produce this effect upon you?”

“Oh, yes, ma’am, if they are neat and pretty!”

“And what make you so excited now?”

“It was the sight of your beautiful legs just now, and the recollection
of what I saw the other day, ma’am,” I stammered out, blushing more than
ever.

While this conversation was going on, her soft hand grasped my distended
prick, and had commenced slowly slipping the loose skin over the swollen
head, and allowing it to slip back again.

“I suppose, Charles, after what you saw in the closet, you know what
this is meant to do.”

I muttered out an indistinct reply that I did, and I hung down my
blushing face.

“You have never put it into a lady, have you?”

“Oh! dear no, ma’am.”

“Would you like to do so?”

I did not answer, but sheepishly held down my head.

“Did you see what I had in the same place, when you were in the closet?”

I muttered, “Yes, ma’am.”

“Would it afford you any pleasure to see it again?”

“Oh, yes; so much!”

Mrs. B. rose, went to the window, drew down the blind, then gently
turned the key in the door. Returning to the chair, and drawing well up
her dress, petticoats and chemise, she exposed all her person up to the
middle of her belly; and sat down stretching herself backwards, and
opening her thighs well.

“Well, my dear boy, look at it if you wish.”

I was no longer shy. Nature prompted me to an act of gallantry that
gratified the lady immensely. Falling on my knees, I glued my lips to
the delicious spot, pushing my tongue in as far as I could, and sucked
it. It was quite spunky; I had no doubt but that Mr. B. had fucked her
two or three times just before leaving. This, however, made no
difference to me. The attack was as unexpected as it was delightful to
the lady. She placed both hands on my head and pressed my face against
her throbbing cunt. She was evidently hotly excited, not only by what I
was then doing, but by the scene, the conversation, and the handling of
my prick, which she had been indulging in. She wriggled her bottom
nervously below me, I continued to greedily lick her moist and juicy
cunt.

“Oh! oh! dear Charles, what exquisite delight you are giving me. Oh!
oh!”

And she pressed my face more fully into the gaping sheath, and thrusting
her bottom up at the same time, spent right into my mouth, over my
cheeks, chin, and neck. Her thighs closed convulsively round my head,
and for some moments she remained still. I continued to lick away, and
swallowed the delicious spunk that still flowed from her. At last she
spoke again—

“Oh! you darling Charles, I love you for ever; but get up, it is now my
turn to give you a taste of the exquisite pleasure you have given me.”

I raised myself, and she drew me to her, and gave me a long kiss,
licking her own sperm from off my lips and cheek; and desiring me to
thrust my tongue into her mouth, she sucked it deliciously, while her
soft hand and gentle fingers had again sought, found, and caressed my
stiff-standing prick. She then desired me to lay myself on the floor,
with three pillows to raise my head, and lifting up all her petticoats,
and striding across me, with her back to my face, she knelt down, then
stooping forward, she took my standing prick in her mouth, and at the
same time lowering her buttocks, brought her beautiful cunt right over
and down upon my mouth, the pillows exactly supporting my head at the
proper level, to command a thorough enjoyment of the whole, which now I
had completely before my eyes.

In the former sucking my own position hid everything from view beyond
the rich mass of hair adorning her splendid mount of Venus, which I
found to be much more abundant than it had appeared to me when I had
seen it from the closet. When I applied my lips to the delicious gap, I
found that she had the most beautiful silky light curls running up to
and around her charming pink bottom-hole, and losing themselves in the
chink between the buttocks. I applied myself furiously to the delicious
gash, and sucked and thrust my tongue in alternately. I could see by the
nervous twitching of her buttocks, and the bearing down of her whole
bottom on my face, how much she was enjoying it. I, too, was in an
extasy of delight. One hand gently frigged the lower portion of my
prick, while the other played with my balls, and her beautiful mouth,
lips, and tongue sucked, pressed, and tickled the head of my excited
prick. The more furiously I sucked her cunt, the more her lips
compressed the head of my pego, and her tongue sought to enter the
urethra, giving me almost overpowering delight. Such reciprocal efforts
soon brought on the extatic crisis, I cried out:

“Oh, lady! oh, dear lady! let me go; I am dying!”

She knew well enough what was coming, but she had her own way, and at
the instant that she again poured down upon my mouth and face a
plenteous discharge, her own rosy mouth received a torrent of my sperm.

For some minutes we lay mutually breathless and exhausted. Then Mrs. B.
rose, shook down her clothes, assisted me to rise, and taking me in her
arms, and pressing me lovingly to her bosom, told me I was a dear
charming fellow, and had enraptured her beyond measure. She then
embraced me fondly, kissing my mouth and eyes, and desiring me to give
her my tongue, sucked it so sweetly.

“Now, fasten up your trousers, my darling boy.”

When I had done so, the blind was drawn up, and the door unlocked.

We sat down, I by her side with one arm round her lovely neck, and the
other clasped in her hand.

“I am sure I can depend upon your prudence, my dear Charles, to keep all
this a profound secret from everyone. Your mamma thinks you a child, and
will suspect nothing. I shall take an opportunity of suggesting that you
shall sleep in the small room adjoining my bedroom, and with which there
is a door of communication. When everyone is gone to bed, I shall open
the door, and you shall come and sleep with me, and I will let you enjoy
me as you saw Mr. B. do the other day. Will you like that?”

“Oh! above all things, oh, yes. But you must also allow me to kiss that
delicious spot again that has just given me such pleasure. Will you not,
ma’am?”

“Oh, yes, my darling boy, whenever we can do so safely, and unobserved;
but I must impress upon you never to seem very familiar with me before
anyone, or to take the slightest liberty unless I invite you to do so.
Anything of the sort would certainly draw attention, and lead to our
detection, and at once put an end to what I mean shall be a delightful
connection for you as well as myself.”

I, of course, promised the most perfect obedience to her very prudent
directions. The ice was broken, and we allowed no ceremony to stand
between us. I grew again very excited, and would fain have proceeded at
once to try again to fuck her as well as suck her, but she was
inexorable, and told me I should only spoil the pleasure we should
afterwards have in bed. The day passed like an hour in her charming
society.

The carriage brought mamma and party to dinner. Mamma hoped I had
behaved well, and been attentive to Mrs. B. in her absence. She answered
nothing could be better, and that I was quite a model youth—so gentle
and so obedient.

My mother found that she had caught cold, and had febrile symptoms after
dinner. Mrs. B. persuaded her to retire to bed, and accompanied her.
When in her room, she apparently noticed, for the first time, my little
bed. She took the opportunity of suggesting that it would be much better
to remove it to the small room, so as to leave my mother in perfect
quiet, which my coming to bed might disturb.

This was said in such an innocent natural manner, that no suspicion was
excited on the part of mamma or anybody else. Mamma only making the
objection that my early rising might by my noise disturb Mrs. B. in the
next room.

“Oh, no; I am not so easily disturbed, besides he has been so well
behaved all day, that I am sure, if I tell him to be quiet in the
morning, he will not fail to do so.”

So it was settled, and my bed was at once removed to the little room.

I know not what Miss Evelyn thought of this; at any rate, she made no
remark, and I went to bed early. It will easily be conceived that I did
not go to sleep. The hours struck one after the other, and no appearance
of my amiable instructress. The remembrance of all her charms was ever
present to my mind’s eye, and I longed once more to dart my tongue into
her moist and juicy cunt, as well as to try the new method that was to
initiate me into the real secrets of Venus.

The long delay of her coming put me in a perfect fever. I tossed and
tumbled in bed; my prick throbbed almost to bursting. Fortunately, I had
never frigged myself, and that resource never occured to me, or I might
have rendered myself quite incapable of enjoying the raptures my
beautiful benefactress afterwards entranced me with. At last I heard
voices and footsteps on the stairs. Mrs. B. bid Miss Evelyn good night,
and the next minute her door was opened, closed again, and the key
turned in the lock. I had taken the precaution to do so with my door. I
heard her use the night vase, and then she opened my door, at once
coming to my bedside. Seeing me awake and quite flushed, she kissed me,
and whispered—

“Have you not been to sleep, Charles?”

“No, ma’am,” I answered, in the same subdued tone, “I could not sleep.”

“Why, dear boy?”

“Because I was going to sleep with you.”

Her lips pressed mine, and her soft hand, thrust under the clothes;
sought for and caressed my stiff-standing prick—it was as hard as iron.

“Poor boy, I am afraid you have been suffering. How long has it been in
this state?”

“All the evening, ma’am, and I did think you were such a long time in
coming.”

“Well, Charles, I could not come sooner without causing suspicion—I
thought Miss Evelyn was suspicious, so I pretended to have no desire to
go to bed; and even when she showed evident symptoms of drowsiness after
her long ride, I rallied her upon it, and begged her to sit up with me
yet a little; until at last she could hold out no longer, and begged me
to let her retire. I grumblingly complied, and she is thrown completely
off any scent on our account, as she could never suppose I was impatient
as you to come here. I shall undress as fast as possible, and then do my
best to relieve you of this painful stiffness. Get up, shut this door,
and come to my bed. My room has an inner baize door, and we shall there
be certain of not being overheard.”

I instantly complied, and she commenced undressing. Every detail of her
charming toilet was devoured by my greedy eyes. Her smooth, glossy, and
abundant hair, arranged in braids, was neatly fastened in under a
coquettish lace cap with pretty blue ribbons. Her _chemise de nuit_ of
the finest, almost transparent cambric was edged with fine openwork. She
looked devine. The drawers of the commode contained scent bags of that
peculiar odour which is generally found to perfume the persons of the
most seductive women. In another moment she was in bed, clasping me in
her arms.

“Now, Charles, you must be a good boy, and make no noise, and allow me
to teach you your first love lesson, see I will lay myself down on my
back, thus—do you place yourself on your knees between my out-spread
thighs—there, that is a darling—now let me lay hold of your dear
instrument. Now lay yourself down on me.”

I placed myself on her beautiful smooth and white belly and pressed
against the hair of her mount. With her long taper fingers she guided my
prick—I trembled in every limb and almost felt sick with excitement—but
when I felt the delicious sensation caused by the insertion of my
skinned pintle between the smooth warm oily folds of the lady’s cunt—I
gave but one shove which carried me up so that I swooned away on her
belly and milk-white bosom.

When I came to myself I still lay on her belly, enfolded in her lovely
arms, my prick sheathed up to the cods in her delicious cunt, which was
throbbing in the most extatic way and pressing and closing with every
fold on my prick—which had hardly lost any of its pristine stiffness; as
my eyes began to discern her features, an exquisite smile played upon my
darling companion’s lips.

“You sad rogue,” she whispered, “you have given me a baby; what have you
been doing to make you spend so soon, and in such a quantity. Did you
like it?”

“Oh, dearest madam, I have been in heaven—surely no joy can be greater
than you have given me.”

“But you do not know as yet everything that is to be done, and to how
much greater an extent the pleasure may be enhanced by mutual efforts;
move your instrument gently in and out—there, that is delicious, but not
so fast. Good, is it not nice!”

And she moved in unison with me, meeting each slow thrust down by an
equal movement upwards, and squeezing my prick in the most delicious
manner internally, as she retired again to meet succeeding thrusts in
the same way.

Oh! it was extatic—my prick, swollen to its utmost size, seemed to fill
her exquisite vagina, which although capable of easily accommodating the
larger prick of Mr. B., appeared to be sufficiently contracted to
embrace tightly with its smooth and slippery folds my stiff throbbing
prick. So we continued, I shoving myself into her, and she upheaving her
beautiful bottom to meet me. My hands removed everywhere, and my mouth
sucked her lips and tongue, or wandered over her pulpy breasts sucking
their tiny nipples. It was a long bout indeed, prolonged by Mrs.
Benson’s instructions, and she enjoyed it thoroughly, encouraged me by
every endearing epithet, and by the most voluptuous manoeuvres. I was
quite beside myself. The consciousness that I was thrusting my most
private part into that part of a lady’s person which is regarded with
such sacred delicacy caused me to experience the most enraptured
pleasure. Maddened by the intensity of my feeling I at length quickened
my pace. My charming companion did the same, and we together yielded
down a most copious and delicious discharge.

Although I retained sufficient rigidity to keep him in his place, Mrs.
B. would not allow any further connection with her, and she made me
withdraw, and bade me go to sleep like a good boy, and she would give me
a further lesson in the morning.

Finding that she was determined on this point, and that she disposed
herself to slumber, I felt I was obliged to follow her example, and at
last fell fast asleep. It might be about five in the morning, quite
light at that time of year, when I awoke, and instead of finding myself,
as usual, in my own little bed—I found my arms round the person of a
charming woman, whose large plump smooth bottom lay in my lap, pressing
against my belly and thigh. I found my prick already in a rampant state,
and it at once began throbbing and forcing its way between the delicious
cheeks of her immense bottom, seeking the delightful sheath it had so
enjoyed the previous part of the night. Whether Mrs. B, was asleep or
not, I do not know, but am inclined to think she really was so, from the
muttered mistake she made in waking. She was probably dreaming, for she
mechanically raised her thighs. I pressed my prick stoutly forward
against her luxurious body, knowing that the entrance to the temple of
pleasure which had so entranced me the night before lay in that
direction. I found more difficulties than I expected, but at length
began to penetrate, although the orifice appeared much tighter than on
the previous evening. Excited by the difficulties of entrance, I clasped
the lady firmly round the waist and pushed forcibly and steadily
forward. I felt the folds give way to the iron stiffness of my prick,
and one-half of it was fairly embedded in my extremely tight sheath. I
put down my hand to press my prick a little downwards to facilitate the
further entrance; you may imagine my astonishment when on so doing I
found myself in the lady’s bottom-hole, instead of her cunt. This at
once explained the difficulty of entrance. I was about to withdraw and
place it in the proper orifice when a convulsive pressure of the
sphincter caused me such exquisite satisfaction by the pressure of the
folds on the more sensitive upper half of my prick, which was so
delicious, and so much tighter, and more exciting than my previous
experience of the cunt that I could not resist the temptation of
carrying the experiment to the end. Therefore, thrusting my two fingers
into her cunt, I pressed my belly forwards with all my might, and
sheathed my prick in her bottom-hole to its full extent. Mrs. B at this
awoke, and exclaimed, “Good Heavens! Fred, you hurt me cruelly. I wish
you would be content with my cunt, I shall be unable to walk tomorrow.
You know it always has that effect. It is downright cruel of you—but
since you are in, stay quiet a little, and then continue to frig me with
your fingers, as you know that eventually gives me great pleasure.”

She calls me Fred, what can she mean? I was, however, too agreeably
situated to speculate on anything, but as I was now buried within her
bottom-hole, I lay quiet for a few minutes as she had requested; and as
her complaints subsided, and I felt a slight reciprocating movement, I,
too, moved within her, working at the same time my two fingers in her
cunt. By this time she was wide awake, and became conscious of who was
her bedfellow.

“What are you about, Charles?” she exclaimed, “do you know where you
are?”

“I did not know I was doing anything wrong.”

“Doing wrong, indeed! My, a lady’s bottom-hole was never intended for a
pego. How came you to put it in there?”

“I cannot tell; I did not do it on purpose. I thought I was going into
the same delightful place I was in last night.”

All this time I was moving my prick in and out of one aperture, and my
fingers were working away in the other. The tightness of the sheath
round my prick was delicious beyond anything I could conceive, and I
think, from the way the lady conducted herself, she liked it as much as
I did. At any rate, she permitted me to go on until I had a delicious
discharge; and she herself spent all over my hand.

When the bout was over, she jumped out of bed, went to the basin, and
with a sponge purified herself. After which, she said—

“My dear boy, you had better come and wash yourself, too; and take care
not to make a mistake of this kind again, as it is sometimes attended
with disagreeable consequences.”

It was now perfect sunny daylight, and my enchanting mistress looked so
lovely in her almost transparent cambric nightshirt that I was
emboldened to ask her to let me see her perfectly naked in all her
glorious beauty of form. She gratified me at once; but laughingly,
pulled off my nightshirt, and said—

“I, too, must have the pleasure not only of contemplating your promising
youthful charms, but of embracing your dear form disencumbered of all
the superfluities of dress.”

We clasped each other in a most enrapturing embrace, and then my lovely
and engaging companion allowed me to turn her in every direction so as
to see, admire, and devour every charm of her exquisitely formed body.
Oh! she was indeed beautiful—shoulders broad, bosom, or rather upper
neck, flat, not showing any projection of the collar bone; bubbies firm,
well separated and round, with most exquisite rosy nipples not much
developed; a perfect waist, small naturally, with charming swelling
hips, and an immense bottom—it was almost out of proportion, large, but
oh, how beautiful. Then her belly, undulating so enticingly, and
swelling out, the lowest part into a very fine and prominent mons
Veneris, covered with a thick crop of silky and curly light hair; then
the entrance to the grotto of Venus had such delicious pouting lips,
rosy, but with hair still thick on each side, which is often not the
case even with women who have a sufficient tuft above, how beautiful
where it exists as it did in this charming and perfect woman, continuing
in beautiful little curls not only down to but around her lovely pinky
and puckered little bottom-hole, the delights of which I had already, in
this infancy of my love education, tasted and enjoyed. Her two alabaster
thighs, worthily supporting by their large well-rounded fleshy forms,
the exquisite perfections of the upper body, I have already described.
How beautiful, elegant, and elongated her legs were, rising from
well-turned ankles and most tiny beautiful feet. Her skin was white as
milk, and dazzlingly fair and smooth. To my young eyes she was a perfect
goddess of beauty. Even now, in advanced life, I can remember nothing
that, as a whole surpassed her, although I have met many with points
unsurpassingly beautiful—some carry it in the bosom, some in the general
carriage, some in the mount of Venus and bottom together, and some in
legs and thighs; but this devine creature, without having the appearance
of it when dressed, was, when stripped, perfect in all her parts as well
as beautiful in face—caressing and voluptuous by nature, and lending
herself, with the most enchanting graces to instruct me in all the
mysteries of love, and let me say, of _lust_ also.

We caressed each other with such mutual satisfaction that nature soon
drove us to a closer and more active union of the bodies. Fondly
embracing one another, we approached the bed, and being equally excited
threw ourselves upon it, and, in the exquisite contact of our naked
flesh, enjoyed a long, long bout of love, in which my most charming
companion exhibited all the resources of amorous enjoyment. Never shall
I forget the luxury of that embrace. She checked my natural tendency to
rush at once to a completion. I think we must have enjoyed the raptures
of that embrace fully half an hour before bringing on the grand finale,
in which my active companion showed the extraordinary suppleness of her
delicious body by throwing her legs over my back, pushing my bottom
forward with her heels, and raising and sinking her bottom in unison
with each thrust of my terribly stiff prick, which seemed to swell and
become thicker and harder than ever. In retiring from each thrust, her
cunt seemed to close upon my prick with the force of a pair of pincers.
We both came to the extatic moment at the same time, and both actually
screamed with delight; my ardent mistress in her fury of excitement
actually bit my shoulder and drew blood; but I felt it not—I was in the
seventh heaven of delight, and lay for long almost insensible on her
beauteous body, clasped in her loving arms. On coming to our senses:

“Oh, my beloved boy,” she said, “never, never, have I experienced such
pleasure. You are a perfect angel. I only fear I shall come to love you
too much.”

We turned on our sides without dislodging the dear instrument of our
enjoyment, and my lovely friend prattled on and delighted me with her
toying, embracing, and gaiety. My prick had once more swelled up, and I
wished to quietly enjoy a fuck in the luxurious position in which we
lay; but my lovely friend said—

“That must not be, my dear Charles, I must consider your health. You
have already done more than your age warrants, and you must rise and go
to your bed to recover, by a sound sleep, your strength.”

“But feel how strong I am,” and I gave a forcible thrust into her
glowing and well-moistened sheath. But, though she certainly was greatly
excited, she suddenly turned round and unseated me, and drew away from
me, refusing to take it again. As she was quite naked, the movements of
her beauteous form were most graceful and enchanting, and one leg being
thrown backwards left her lovely cunt full in view, and actually gaping
open before me. Seized with the strongest desire to suck and kiss it, as
I had done the night before, I begged that at least she would grant me
that last favour, as it could not in any way do me harm. To this she
readily consented, and lay down on her back, opening her glorious
thighs, and with a pillow under her bottom so as to raise up her cunt
into a better position for me to gamahuche her, as she called it. Before
letting me begin, she said—

“My dear Charles, do you see that little projection at the upper part of
my quim, that is my clitoris, and is the site of the most exquisite
sensation; you see it is rather hard, even now, but you will find as you
titillate it with your tongue or suck it, that it will become harder and
more projecting, so apply your lips there.”

I did as my lovely mistress desired, and soon found it stiffen and stand
up nearly an inch into my mouth.

The convulsive twitches of her buttocks, the pressure forward of her
hand on my head, all proved the exquisite felicity my lovely friend was
enjoying. I slipped my hand under my chin—the position was awkward, but
I managed to thrust my thumb into her cunt. My forefinger was somewhat
in the way—but finding it exactly opposite the rosy hole of her bottom,
and all being very moist there, I pushed it forward and it easily
entered. I could not move my hand very actively, but I continued to
gently draw my finger and thumb a little back together, and then thrust
forward again. It seemed to add immensely to the pleasure I was giving
her; her whole body quivered with excessive excitement. My head was
pressed so firmly against her cunt that I had difficulty in breathing,
but I managed to keep up the action of tongue and fingers until I
brought on the exquisite crisis—her buttocks rose, her hand pressed hard
on my head and her two powerful and fleshy thighs closed on my cheeks on
each side and fixed me as if in a vice, while she poured down into my
mouth and all over my chin, neck, and hand a perfect rush of sperm, and
then lay in convulsive movements of enjoyment, hardly knowing what she
was doing. As she held me so fast in every way, I continued to lick up
the delicious discharge, and continued at the same time to pass my
tongue over her clitoris. This, by producing a new excitement, brought
her senses round. So relaxing her hold of me with her thighs she said—

“Oh, my darling Charles, come up to my arms that I may kiss you for the
exquisite delight you have given me.” I did so, but took care, in
drawing myself up, to engroove my stiff-standing prick in the
well-moistened open cunt that lay raised on a pillow so conveniently in
the way.

“Oh, you sad traitor,” cried my sweet companion. “No, I cannot, I must
not allow it,” but I held her tight round the waist, and her position
was too favourable for me to be easily unhorsed.

“Ah! you must not, my dear boy. If you will not consider yourself,
consider me. I shall be quite exhausted.” I shut her mouth with my
kisses and tongue, and soon the active movements I was making within her
charming vagina exercised their usual influence on her lubricity, so as
to make her as eager for the fray as myself.

“Stop, my dear Charles, and you shall have it in a new position, which
will give you as much more pleasure as it will me.”

“You are not going to cheat me, are you?”

“Oh, no! my darling, I am now as much on fire as you are—withdraw.”

I obeyed, half in fear. My fair mistress turned herself round, and
getting on her hands and knees, presented to my ardent gaze her
magnificent bottom. I thought she meant me to once more put it into the
rosy little orifice, and said so.

“Oh! no,” she replied, “not there”; but putting her hand under her
belly, and projecting it backwards between her thighs, she said—

“Give it me and I will guide it into the proper place.”

Before doing so I stooped forward and pushing my face between the
glorious cheeks of her bottom, sought and found the lovely little
orifice, kissed it, and thrust my tongue in.

“Oh! don’t Charles, dear, you tickle me so,” then flinching, and
squeezing her buttocks together, I had nothing for it but to put my
prick in her hand. She immediately guided it to and engulphed it in her
burning cunt up to the very hair. I found I apparently got in fully an
inch further this way—the position also gave my beautiful instructress
more power of pressure on my prick—then her glorious buttocks, heaving
under my movements, and exposed in all their immensity, was most
exciting and beautiful. I seized her below the waist with a hand upon
each hip, pressing her magnificent backside against me each time that I
thrust forward. Oh! it was indeed glorious to see. I was beside myself,
and furious with the excitement the view of all these charms produced
upon me. My charming mistress seemed equally to enjoy it, as was evinced
by the splendid movements of her body; till at last overcome by the
grand finale, she sank forward on her belly, and I followed on her back,
without losing the position of my throbbing prick within her. We both
lay for some time incapable of movement, but the internal squeezing and
convulsive pressure of her cunt on my softened, but still enlarged
prick, were exquisite beyond imagining. At last she begged me to relieve
her. Getting out of bed, she sighed deeply, kissed me tenderly, and
said, “My dear Charles, we must not be so extravagant in future, it will
destroy us both—come, let me see you to your bed.” The sight of my
lovely mistress standing naked in all the glory of her beauty and
perfection of form began to have its usual effect upon my prick, which
showed symptoms of raising his head again; she gave it a pat, stooped
down, and for a moment plunged its head into her beautiful mouth, then
seizing my nightshirt, she threw it over my head and conducted me to my
own bed, put me in, tucked me up, and tenderly kissing me, left the
room, first unlocking my door and then locking the door of communication
between the two rooms. Thus passed the first glorious night of my
initiation into all the rites of Venus, and at the hands of a lovely,
fresh and beautiful woman, who had only been married long enough to make
her a perfect adept in the art. Never, oh never! have I passed such a
night. Many and many a fine woman, perfect too in the art of fucking,
have I enjoyed, but the novelty and the charm, the variety and the
superiority of the teacher, all combined to make this night the _ne plus
ultra_ of erotic pleasure.

It need not be said that, exhausted by the numerous encounters I had in
love’s battlefield, I fell into a deep and sound sleep, until aroused by
being rudely shaked up. I opened my eyes in astonishment. It was my
sister Mary. She threw her arms round my neck, and kissing me, said—

“You lazy boy, do you know they are _all_ down at breakfast, and you
still asleep. What has come over you?”

“Oh!” I said, “I got frightened with a horrible dream, and lay awake so
long afterwards that when I did sleep, I overslept myself.”

“Well, get up at once,” and pulling the clothes quite off me, she laid
bare my whole private parts, with my cock, as usual in youth on waking,
at full stand.

“Oh! Charlie,” said Mary, fixing her eyes upon it in astonishment at its
thickness and length. “How your doodle has grown,” and she laid hold of
it. “Why it is as hard as wood, and see how red its head is.” Without
her knowing why, it evidently had its natural effect on her sense, and
she flushed as she squeezed it.

“Ah! my dear Mary, I have learnt a great secret about that thing, which
I will tell you the first time we can be quite alone and secure from
interruption. Just now there is no time, but before you go downstairs,
let me see how your poor little Fanny is.”

We had been used to these infantile expressions when in our ignorance
and innocence we had mutual examinations of the difference of our sexes,
and my sister was still as ignorant and innocent as ever. So when I said
that I had not seen it since it was so ill-treated in the terrible
whipping she had received from Miss Evelyn, she at once pulled up all
her petticoats for me to look at it.

“Lie back for a moment on the bed.”

She complied. I was delighted. The prominence her mons Veneris had
assumed, the increased growth of moss-like little curls, and the pouting
lips of her tiny slit—all was most promising and charming. I stooped and
kissed it, licking her little prominent clitoris with my tongue; it
instantly hardened, and she gave a convulsive twitch of her loins.

“Oh! Charlie, how nice it is! What is it you are doing? Oh, how nice!
Oh, pray go on.”

But I stopped, and said—

“Not at present, my darling sister, but when we can get away together I
will do that and something much better, all connected with the great
secret I have got to tell you. So run downstairs, and tell them why I
had overslept myself, but not a word to anyone about what I have told
you. I will be down in a trice.”

She went away, saying—

“Oh, Charlie, dear, what you did just now was so nice, and has made me
feel so queer; do find an early opportunity of telling me all about it.”

Very few minutes sufficed to finish my toilet and bring me to the
breakfast table.

“Why, Charlie,” broke out my mother, “what is this horrid dream?”

“I can hardly tell you, my dear mother, it was so confused; but I was
threatened to be murdered by horrid-looking men, and at last taken to
high rocks and thrown down. The agony and fright awoke me, screaming,
and all over perspiration. I could not sleep for hours after, even
though I hid my head under the clothes.”

“Poor child,” said Mrs. Benson, who was quietly eating her breakfast.
“What a fright you must have had.”

“Yes, ma’am, and at the same time, as I awoke with a scream, I was
afraid I might have disturbed you, for all at once I remembered I was no
longer in mamma’s room, but next door to you. I hope I did not wake
you?”

“Oh, no, my dear boy; I never heard you, or I should have got up to see
what was the matter.”

So it passed off, and no further observation was made about it, but I
once caught Mrs. Benson’s eye, and the expression and a slight nod was a
sign of approval of my story. After breakfast we went as usual to the
schoolroom. I thought Miss Evelyn was kinder in her manner to me than
usual. She made me stand close to her when saying my lessons,
occasionally letting her left arm fall round my neck, while she pointed
to my book with the finger of the right, and there was always a certain
pressure before raising her arm again. These little caresses were
frequently repeated, as if she were wishing either to accustom me or
herself to a habit of it, so as, doubtless, gradually to increase them
to something more definite. I could not help feeling what a different
effect these endearments would have had twenty-four hours earlier; but
now, momentarily satisfied passions, and the new love that had seized me
for Mrs. B., prevented at first the inevitable cockstand that would
otherwise have been produced by these approaches of Miss Evelyn. Not
that I had given up all desire to possess her. On the contrary, my last
night’s instruction only made me more anxious to have Miss Evelyn too.
Therefore, I by no means repulsed her present caresses, but looked up
innocently in her face, and smiled affectionately. In the afternoon she
was more expansive, and drew me to her by her arm round my waist, and
pressed me gently to her person, saying how well I was attending to my
lessons, and how sorry she was to have been obliged to punish me so
severely the week before.

“You will be a good boy in future, will you not, dear Charlie?”

“Oh, yes; as long as you are so kind to me. I love you so much, and you
are so beautiful when you speak so kindly to me.”

“Oh, you little flatterer.”

And she drew me to her lips and gave me a sweet kiss, which I returned
with eagerness. I felt my prick had raised itself up to its full extent
as these caresses were exchanged, and as Miss Evelyn held me tight
pressed against her thigh, she must have felt it throbbing against her.
That she did so, I have no doubt, as her face flushed, and she said—

“There, now, that will do, go to your seat.”

I obeyed; she rose in an agitated manner, left the room, and was absent
for a quarter of an hour. I had no doubt but that she was overcome by
her feelings, and I thought to myself she will manage to have me some of
these days. I could afford to leave it to her own discretion, as my
charming mistress of last night was there to keep me in exercise and
cool the effervescence of passion under which I should otherwise have
laboured. Nothing particular occured during the day; Mrs. B. was
apparently indifferent about me, and never sought to approach or be in
any way familiar; I studied her looks and followed her example. Mamma
sent me early to bed, as she feared I had not had sleep enough the
previous night by reason of my bad dream, and hoped I should have no
more of the kind. This time my beautiful mistress found me sound asleep
when she came to bed. She did not awake me until she had completed her
night toilet, and was all ready to receive me in her arms. I sprung up,
and in an instant, without a word being said, had her on her back, and
was into her delicious cunt as far as I could drive my stiff-standing
prick. My energy and fury seemed to please and stimulate the lady, for
she replied to every eager thrust with as eager a spring forward. In
such haste matters were very speedily brought to a crisis—with mutual
sighs, and “oh’s” and “ah’s,” we sank exhausted, and lay for a very
short time, when charming Mrs. B. said—

“Why, Charles, you are quite wild to me; what a hurry you have been in,
but it was very nice, and I forgive you, but you must be more rational
in future.”

“Oh, my beloved mistress, how can I help it; you are so beautiful, and
so good to me; I quite adore and love every part of your charming body.
I know I was too impetuous, but I must make it up by kissing and
fondling the dear source of all my joys.”

She did not resist, but let me do as I liked. Pushing myself down the
bed, I applied my lips and tongue to her lovely cunt, all wet with our
mutual discharge, which was so sweet to the taste that I first began
licking between the lips, and then applied myself to her excited
clitoris, and with my finger and thumb working as on the previous
morning I threw her into an extasy of delight, until again she had a
delicious discharge. Then creeping up, I thrust my prick into her
well-moistened and velvety cunt—as you may imagine it was rampant as
ever after my mouth contact with the exquisite quim I had been sucking.

“Stop, Charles, darling, I will show you another position, where you can
lie easily with your dear delightful prick up to the hilt in the sheath
you have so charmingly excited. Here, lie down by my right side—on your
side.”

She lay down on her back, and throwing her right leg over my hips, told
me to bend my knees forward and open my legs, or rather lift up my right
leg. She placed her left thigh between my thighs, then slightly twisting
her bottom up towards me brought the lips of her cunt directly before my
prick, which she seized with her delicate fingers, and guided safely
into Venus’s grotto. I gave one or two shoves, and she a heave or two,
to house him comfortably.

“And now,” she said, “we will take it reasonably in this way; we can go
on, or stay occasionally; embrace, cuddle, or talk, just as we please.
Are you quite comfortable?”

“Oh! deliciously so!” I replied, as my hand wandered all over her
beautiful belly and bubbies, and then my mouth sucked the last.

“There, darling, that will do for the moment; I want to have some talk
with you. First, let me thank you for your very discreet behaviour this
day, it quite justifies the confidence I had in you. Your story of the
dream was capital, and just suited the purpose. I hope, my dear Charlie,
that under my auspices you will become a model lover—your aptitude has
already proved in several ways. First and best, with all the appearance
of a boy, you are quite a man, and even superior to many. You have
already shown great discretion and ready wit, and there is no reason to
fear that you will become a general favourite with our sex, who soon
find out who is discreet and who is otherwise—discretion is the trump
card of success with us. Alas! few of your sex understand this. Let me
impress one lesson on you, my dear Charles. You and I cannot continue
long on our present footing. My husband will return and carry me away,
and although circumstances will throw us at intervals into each other’s
arms—for you may be sure you will be always welcome to me—yet my very
absence will force you to seek other outlets to the passions I have
awakened and taught their power. I have one piece of advice to give you
as to your conduct to newer lovers—for have them you must, my dear
Charles, however much you may fancy yourself now attached to me; with
these, let them all for some time imagine that each possesses you for
the first time. First of all, it doubles their satisfaction, and so
increases your pleasure. Your early discretion causes me to think that
you will see all the advantages of this conduct. I may add that if they
suppose you have had previous instruction, they, if they are women, will
never rest until they have drawn from you the secret of your first
instructress. You might, of course, tell some tale of a ‘cock and a
bull,’ but in searching for the truth and cross-questioning you when you
are least aware of it, they will lead you into contradictions, and the
truth will at last be ferreted out. Now this would be unjust to me, who
have risked a good deal to give you the delightful instructions of last
night, and, as I hope, of many more. So you see, my dear Charles, in all
early cases you must enact the part of an ignoramus _seeking_ for
instruction, with vague ideas of how to set about it. I hope, while I am
near you,” she added, “no such occasion will arise, but I feel certain,
with your passions and your power, dear, darling fellow—push
away—I!—I!—I feel for cer—certain they will ar—arise.”

Thus ended the very wise and excellent advice this charming woman was
giving me. Do not imagine that I did not pay great attention, and,
indeed, her very reasonable maxims became the guide of my after-life,
and I owe to them a success with women rarely otherwise obtained. Her
sensible remark had been drawn out to such a length, that my prick had
so far rebelled that he had throbbed inside of her delicious cunt so
forcibly as to produce a happy movement of her body that interrupted and
cut short her words.

“Charlie, my darling, pass your middle finger down and rub it on my
clitoris, and then suck the nipple of my bubby next you, and work away
with your glorious prick.”

I did as desired. She seconded me with an art quite peculiar to herself,
and at last we both died away in that love’s death which is so
overpowering and so delicious. The glorious position we were in rendered
it almost impossible to lose ground, spend as often as you please; but
if my prick had been one that would have shrunk to nothing, the
wonderful power of retaining it within her possessed by my delicious
mistress would have prevented the possibility of exit.

In after-nights I have often fallen sound asleep with it entirely
engulphed within her, and awoke hours afterwards to find her
extraordinary power of retention had held him firm, notwithstanding his
having shrunk up to a mere piece of doughy flesh. In this instance,
after recovering our senses, I still retained my place, and we
recommenced our conversation; my lovely instructress giving me many and
most useful hints for my after-life. I have often since dwelt on the
wisdom of all she so charmingly taught me, and wondered how so young a
woman could have so thorough a knowledge of her sex and the world. I
suppose love is a great master and inspired her on this occasion. I may
here remark that for forty years afterwards this charming woman and I
remained the fastest of friends after being the most ardent of lovers.
She was the depository of all my erotic extravagancies, and never showed
any jealousy, but really enjoyed the recital of my wildest love combats
with others.

Alas! death at last took her from me, and I lost the mainstay of my
existence. Forgive this digression, but I am writing long after these
events, and sorrows will have their vent. Woe is me!

To return to present joys. We continued talking and toying, until I was
again anxious to commence love’s combat. My prudent mistress wished me
to finish for the time, and to sleep and refresh ourselves for renewed
efforts; but youth and strength nerved me for the fight, and being
securely fixed, I held her as in a vice, with my thighs around only one
of hers that could have allowed her to escape. Passing my finger down on
her stiffened clitoris I so excited her that she had no wish but to
bring matters to a crisis.

“Stop, my dear,” she said, “and we will renew our pleasure in another
attitude.”

So withdrawing her leg off my loins, she turned on her side, so as to
present her glorious buttocks before me, and pressed them into my belly
and against my thighs, which seemed to introduce my prick even further
than he was within before. Besides, in all these positions, where a
woman presents her splendid backside to you, it is always more exciting,
and has a greater hold of you than any other way. We did most thoroughly
enjoy this splendid fuck, and without withdrawing, both fell into the
sweetest imaginable slumber. This was one of those occasions in which,
having fallen asleep engulphed, I awoke some five hours later, to find
my prick still lightly held within the velvety folds of one of the most
delicious cunts ever created for the felicity of man, or, I may say,
woman either. You may easily imagine how soon my prick swelled to his
wonted size on finding himself still in such charming quarters. I let
him lay quite still, barring the involuntary throbs he could not avoid
making, and bending my body away from my lovely mistress, I admired her
breadth of shoulders, the beauty of her upper arm, the exquisite _chute_
of her loins, the swell of her hips, and the glorious projection and
rotundity of her immense buttocks. I slowly and gently pushed in and out
of her juicy sheath, until, awakened by the exquisite sensations of my
slow movements, all her lubricity was excited, and we ended one of our
most delicious encounters, finishing, as usual, with a death-like
exhaustion. She declared I had done enough for one night, and jumping
out of bed, compelled me to betake myself to my own room, where, I must
confess, I very shortly slept as sound as could be, without at the same
time oversleeping myself.

Thus passed several successive nights, until the full of the moon, when
one day Mrs. B. complained of headache and feeling unwell. I was very
much alarmed, but she took occasion to tell me it was quite natural, and
she would explain to me how it was so at night. I was obliged to be
content with this. At night, she came and sat on my bed, and told me all
the mysteries of the case. How women, not with child, had these
bleedings monthly, which, so far from being hurtful, were a relief to
the system, and that they happened at the full or the new moon,
generally at the former. Further, that all connection with men must
cease at such a time. I was in despair, for my prick was stiff enough to
burst. However, my kind and darling mistress, to relieve me from the
pain of distention, took my prick in her mouth, and performed a new
manoeuvre. Wetting her middle finger with her saliva, she thrust it up
my bottom-hole, and worked in unison with the suction of the knob, and
the frigging of the root of my prick with the other hand. I had a most
exquisite and copious discharge, the pleasure being greatly enhanced by
the action of the finger up my fundament. My charming mistress swallowed
all I could give her, and did not cease sucking until the last drop had
exuded from my throbbing prick.

I was obliged to be satisfied with this, and my mistress informed me I
could have no more enjoyment for four or five days; which, to my
impatience, was like condemning me to as many ages of hope deferred. I
observed, while she was kissing me, that her breath had a peculiar
odour, and I asked her what she had been eating.

“Why do you ask, my dear boy?”

“Because of the difference of your breath, generally so sweet and
fragrant.”

She smiled and said it was all from the same cause she had just been
explaining to me, and was very generally so with women at that period. I
mention this because it was the means of my discovering that Miss Evelyn
was exactly in the same state. She had continued her endearing caresses
without proceeding much further than I have already described, except
more frequently kissing me. She now always did so on first entering the
schoolroom, and also when we were dismissed. I suppose to prevent an
observation or inference, she had adopted the same habit with my
sisters. On this day, having drawn me with her arm round my waist close
to her, when she kissed me I felt the very same odour of breath that I
had observed in Mrs. Benson. She too was languid that day and complained
of headache. I also observed a dark line under her eyes, and on
afterwards observing Mrs. B., saw precisely the same—so I became
convinced they were unwell from the same cause. Mrs. B. had told me that
most women were so at the full of the moon—which was then the case.

The next day my mother proposed to drive to town, and probably knowing
the state of the case, asked Mrs. B. and Miss Evelyn to accompany her,
as she thought the airing would be beneficial. They at once accepted—my
younger sister cried out, “Oh, mamma, let me go with you also.” Mary
interposed, and thought she had the best right—but Lizzie said she had
spoken first. I managed to give Mary a wink and a shake of the head,
which she instantly comprehended, so gracefully giving way, although
with apparent reluctance, it was arranged that Eliza should accompany
the ladies. I now felt my opportunity was at hand to initiate my darling
sister into the delightful mysteries that I had just been myself
instructed in.

At eleven o’clock the carriage drove up, and we stood looking after them
until they were lost to sight. Then returning into the parlour, Mary
threw her arms round my neck, and kissing me, said—

“Oh! I am glad, Charlie, you winked to me, for now you know we can do as
we like, and you can tell me all about this secret, and you must kiss my
little Fanny as you did before, it was so nice. I have thought of
nothing else, but how to have it done again.”

“Well, my darling, I shall do all that, and more, but we cannot do so
here. I tell you what we will do—we will pretend to go for a long walk
in the country, but instead of that, we will pass through the shrubbery
into the orchard and hazelwood, and so gain the little remote summer
house, of which I have secured the key; there we shall be safe from all
observation.”

This little summer house was at some distance from the house, and in a
lonely corner of the orchard, raised on an artificial mount, so that its
windows should command a lovely view beyond the walls of the grounds. It
was about ten feet square—was beautifully sheltered, and the ladies in
summer took their work there, and occupied it for hours every fine day;
so it was furnished with tables and chairs, and on one side a long couch
without a back. It had already entered into my idea that this was the
spot I should contrive to get to with Mary—little thinking how chance
would throw so glorious an opportunity in my way so soon. It was always
kept locked to prevent it being used by the servants, gardeners, or
others. I knew where the key was kept, and secured it when the ladies
were dressing for their drive—so after staying sufficiently long to
prevent any suspicion, and saying then we were going for a long walk in
the country, so as to prevent them seeking for us at the summer house if
any visitors should chance to call, we sallied out, but re-entered the
grounds where we could not be observed, and speedily gained the spot we
had in view—entered and locked the door. Then I drew down the blinds,
threw off my coat and waistcoat, and told Mary to take off her shawl and
bonnet, and outer gown.

“But why all this, Charlie, dear?”

“First, my darling—all those are in the way of kissing and toying with
your charming little Fanny, and next, I don’t want anything to appear
tumbled when we go back.”

This was enough, and she did everything as I desired, indeed, more, for
she took off her petticoat and little corset, saying she would be cooler
thus. So, following her example, I took off my trousers, saying she
would be better able to see and play with my doodle. When these
preliminaries were accomplished, I drew her on my knees—first pulling up
her shift and my own shirt, so that our naked flesh should be in
contact. Seeing that her chemise fell off from her bosom, I first felt
her little bubbies, which were beginning to develop themselves, and had
the tiniest little pink nipples that even my lips could hardly get hold
of. She had pulled up my shirt to look again at the great change that
had occured to my prick—of course, our preliminaries had already excited
it to a stiff-standing position.

“Oh, Charlie, what a size it is to be sure; and how nice to pull this
skin over its head; look how it runs back again. Oh! how funny!”

It was time to stop this, or she would have soon made me discharge.

“Well, then, what is this great secret, and what has it to do with your
doodle and my Fanny?”

“I will tell you, but you must never say a word to a soul—not even to
Eliza, she is too young yet.”

“Well, go on.”

“I was one day seeking something in the closet in Mrs. Benson’s room,
when I heard them coming, and had only the time to slip into the closet.
They entered, locked the door, and Mr. B. laid her on the bed, and
lifted up all her petticoats so that I saw her Fanny quite surrounded
with hairs, as yours will be by and by. Mr. B, stooped down, and applied
his tongue as I did to you the other morning.”

“Oh, yes; and it was so nice, Charlie!”

“That is exactly what Mrs. B. said when he had done. Then he pulled out
his doodle, such a size, much bigger than mine, and whipped it into her
Fanny. I was quite frightened, and thought he must have killed her. But
no, it went in quite easy; and she hugged and kissed him while he pushed
it up and down for some time, till they both stopped all at once. He
then drew it out, hanging down all wet, and asked if it had not given
her great pleasure. ‘Delightful,’ she said. ‘I have now got used to it,
but you know you hurt me, and made me so sore the first time you did
it.’ After this they left the room, and I got away without being
discovered. But I found out what our two things were made for, we will
do as they did, so lie down on the couch whilst I kneel at the end, and
begin in the way I kissed it the other morning.”

“Oh, Charlie, if it is all like that, I shall be so pleased with it.”

Down she squatted, drawing up her chemise. My hand wandered all over her
charming belly and mount. Then kneeling down, and putting her legs over
my shoulders, and my hands under her thighs and bottoms, I applied my
tongue at once to her little clitoris, which I found was already stiff,
and showing its head at the upper part of her pinky slit. The action of
my agile tongue produced an instantaneous effect—her loins and thighs
heaved up her bottom to press her little pouting cunt against my face.
Mechanically she put her hand on my head, and muttered terms of
endearment—

“Oh, darling Charlie, how delicious! Oh! do go on! it is so nice, &c.”

I wanted no stimulant, but licked away until, with shortened breath; and
greater heavings of her body, she began to stammer—

“Oh! oh! I feel so queer—ah, stop; I am going to faint—I, I, I,
can’t—can’t bear it any longer—oh!—oh!” Her limbs relaxed, and she died
away in her first discharge, which was very glutinous and nice, but only
scanty in quantity. I let her quiet until she came to; then looking in
her face, and smiling, I asked her how she liked it.

“Oh! I was in heaven, dear Charlie, but I thought it was killing me—it
was almost too much to bear—nothing could be more delicious.”

“Oh, yes!” I replied, “there is something more delicious still, but, I
must kiss you in this way again before we try the other; the more moist
the inside is the easier I shall get in.”

“But, Charlie, you don’t mean to say you will ever get in your doodle,
now that it has grown so big.”

“Well, we will try, and if it hurts you too much we can stop.”

So I began again to gamahuche her; this time it took a longer effort to
produce the ultimate result; but apparently with still greater effect,
and a more copious discharge. Her little cunt being now relaxed, and
well moistened with her own discharge and my saliva, and well inclined
to receive my prick, I spat upon it and lubricated it from head to root.
Then rising from my knees, I stretched myself over Mary’s belly, and
gently directing my prick, and rubbing it up and down first between the
lips, and exciting her clitoris by the same action, I gently and
gradually inserted its head between the lips of her charming little
cunt. There was less difficulty than might have been expected, the
gamahuching and double spending had relaxed the muscles, and her
passions being excited also acted on her organs of generation; at all
events, I got in the head, and about two inches of its length without
her murmuring anything beyond—

“How big it feels—it seems to stretch me so.”

All this was exciting me dreadfully, and it was only by the greatest
effort that I did not thrust rudely forward. I now felt I was pushing
against some obstacle, I thrust hard and hurt her. She cried out, begged
me to stop. I was so near the finale that I felt I must go on. So,
plunging forward, I rushed, at the impediment, and made her cry out most
lustily. Probably another push would have decided my position, but
nature could hold out no longer, and I yielded down my erotic tribute to
her virginal charms, without having actually deflowered her. So far,
perhaps, it was fortunate, because I poured into her a torrent of sperm
which was not only balm to her partially wounded hymen, but so relaxed
and lubricated the interior of her cunt as greatly to facilitate my
after-efforts.

I lay quiet still for some time, and the gradual swelling out and
throbbing of my prick reawakened her young passions. She said—

“Charlie, my dear, you said that it would prove delicious in the end,
and I can feel it is becoming so. I have no more pain, and you shall go
on just as you like.”

As my prick stiffened at her endearing words and involuntary pressures,
and as I had it completely under control, since I had taken the edge off
its immediate appetite by the last discharge, I held it literally well
in hand; and as I had lost no ground by withdrawing, I started with the
advantage of possession. First I slipped my hand down between our two
bellies and began frigging her clitoris, which immediately excited her
passions to the highest pitch.

“Oh! Charlie, dear, now push it all in—I do so long for it—and I don’t
care how it hurts me.”

I had been giving short thrusts more to stimulate her passions than to
alleviate my own; and as she was totally unaware of what was going to
happen, she widened her thighs and heaved up her bottom, expanding her
vagina in the act. I gathered my strength together, and as my cock was
standing as stiff as iron, I suddenly drove it forward, and felt that I
broke through something, and gained two inches more insertion at least.
The effect on my poor sister was most painful, she shrieked out lustily;
strove hard to unsheath me, wriggled her body in all directions to
effect this; but I was too securely engulphed for that, and all her
struggles only enabled me the more easily to sheathe him up to the very
hairs. So excited was I by her tears and screams, that I was no sooner
there than a torrent of sperm burst from me, and I lay like a corpse on
her body, but perfectly maintaining the ground I possessed. This
death-like quiet lasted some minutes, and, to a certain extent, assuaged
the violence of the pain I put poor Mary to. Doubtless, also, the balmy
nature of the ample quantity of sperm I had shot up to her womb helped
to soothe her suffering. At all events, when we were both able again to
converse, she unbraided me with the agony I had caused her, and wished
me to get off her at once; but retaining the advantageous possession of
her very tight and delicious sheath, I told her all was now over, and we
might look forward to nothing but enrapturing pleasure.

Some minutes had elapsed in these remonstrances on one side; and
coaxings on the other, when I suddenly felt her charming little cunt
actually throb upon and give an involuntary squeeze to my prick, which
was still throbbing her. He was far too ready to stand at any time,
still more when engulphed in the exquisite young cunt he had just
initiated into love’s mysteries—_bref_—he stood stiff as ever, and Mary,
at first with a shudder of fright, then with all the energy of awakened
passion, began to move her body under me. I held off from any
interference, feeling certain that if the desire came naturally to her
it would doubly enhance my own pleasure. My foresight did not fail me.
Mary’s passions became fully aroused, and when so, the trifling soreness
passed out of mind, and we actually had a most delicious fuck, in which
my prick appeared as if in a vice, and Mary wriggled her backside almost
as well as the more artistic movements of Mrs. Benson. All things must
come to an end, but this did so amid screams of delight on both sides.
This single bout began and finished the education of my darling sister.
She hugged and fondled me afterwards, declaring I was quite right in
telling her pleasure followed pain; for nothing could exceed the
enrapturing nature of the sensation my prick had produced. She thought
now that it was not a bit too big, but just made to give the utmost
satisfaction. We remained locked in each other’s arms, my prick still
engulphed in its tight and exciting sheath. We fondled and prattled,
until it became again in a state of violent erection, equally
stimulating her tight little cunt, so that we were forced to recommence
our love encounter. I found that my dear little sister possessed
naturally the power of throbbing on or nipping a prick, which the French
call _casse-noisette_. It is a great gift and adds immensely to the
man’s pleasure, and I should think to the woman’s too. In my sister’s
case it began from the very first complete insertion of my prick and the
years that I afterwards continued to fuck her added nothing to this
delicious accomplishment, except in the variety of positions in which it
could be exercised.

The dear girl was in extasies at the pleasure she had received, and at
the pain which seemed to be past. Oh! she was so sweetly caressing that
I could not withdraw from her, and we fondled and toyed until again my
cock rose to his first vigour, and she nothing loath, began her new and
naturally taught gift of bottom upheavings and cunt pressures until
again we sank exhausted in the death-like ending of love’s battles. On
recovering our senses, I was obliged to withdraw and relieve my sister
of the dead weight of my body on her person.

It has always struck me as extraordinary how the most delicate women
will support a heavy man on their persons, not only without flinching,
but even with ease and pleasure—but so it is. On rising and withdrawing,
we were both alarmed to see that my prick was all bloody, and that blood
and semen were oozing from her cunt. We had no idea this would be the
case, and at first I was as frightened as she was. A moment’s reflection
showed me that it was only the natural result of forcing my way in, and
that the pleasure since enjoyed proved it to be of no consequence. I
soon convinced and calmed my sister on the point—fortunately the sofa
covering was red, and applying my handkerchief, I wiped up all the semen
mixture, and, in fact, no marks remained; the same handkerchief wiped
all results from Mary’s dear little cunt, and as her shift had been kept
well up, fortunately no stains appeared upon that.

We now ate some luncheon and drank some wine that we had prudently
brought with us. We then began playing and romping together—she wanting
always to get hold of my prick, and I to pull her about in every way. It
was gloriously warm weather, so I proposed we should off with
everything. In a trice we were as naked as we were born, and flew into
each other’s arms in a frenzy of delight, then we had a mutual thorough
inspection. My darling sister gave every promise of becoming a
magnificent woman—her shoulders were already wide—her arms well shaped,
although still thin—her waist small—the swell of the hips already well
developed—as to her bottom, it stuck out well and hard behind, quite
charming to see, and giving promise of very ample dimensions hereafter.

I made her kneel on the low couch, with her head well up and her thighs
open; kneeling behind, I gamahuched her until she spent; then rising,
shoved my prick into her cunt, in her then position, and had a downright
good poke, which she, too, found was a way that gave her extra
excitement. We passed thus some hours in mutual delights. I taught her
the side fuck which had so charmed me with my delightful instructress,
and I found dear Mary even an apter scholar than myself had proved. The
afternoon advancing, we dressed, and eradicating all signs of what we
had been doing, returned to the house, mutually promising to keep
thoroughly secret all that had passed and agreeing that no sign of
unusual familiarity should escape us. I strongly advised Mary to get
some warm water and bathe her cunt well, for, as may be supposed, I had
taken the opportunity of teaching her the true erotic language as
applied to the organs of generation of both sexes, and the name of the
connection itself, “fucking.”

Thus delightfully ended the first lesson in love taught to my sister,
and such was my first triumph over a maidenhead, double enhanced by the
idea of the close ties of parentage between us. In after-life, I have
always found the nearer we are related, the more this idea of incest
stimulates our passions and stiffens our pricks, so that if even we be
in the wane of life, fresh vigour is imparted by reason of the very fact
of our evasion of conventional laws.

We had both returned to the drawing room for more than an hour before
the arrival of the ladies. Dear Mary complained of feeling sore and
stiff in every limb. I had advised her to lie down on the sofa and try
to sleep. I did the same, and happily we both dozed off, and never awoke
until the loud rat-tat of arrival at the house door roused us up. I told
Mary to hide all appearance of pain, and only to say, as an excuse for
going early to bed, that we had gone further afield than we at first
intended, and that she was very tired. We were both sent early to bed,
for I was still treated as quite a boy, and I was sound asleep when my
charming Mrs. B. woke me up by her warm caresses. I could well have
spared them that night, but when did one of my years not respond to the
endearments of the woman he loved, and who yielded all to him. She
sucked me dry as usual, and I slept soundly till morning.

The next three days passed without anything to record. Mary did not
allow her real soreness to appear, but heroically went through her
sufferings, for she told me afterwards she felt very severe pains all
over, doubtless her whole nervous system had been overexcited, and this
was the natural reaction; it was so far fortunate that not a shadow of a
chance of our having fresh connection occurred, so she had time to
perfectly recover from the ill effects of her first initiation into the
erotic raptures. I continued to have the relief each night of the
charming mouth of my loved and beautiful instructress. At last, the
abominable _menses_, as she called them, were past and gone. For a full
twenty-four hours after, she would not allow me to reassume all the
privileges she had previously granted, and admit me to share her bed.
She told me this was necessary to prevent any recurrence, and also that
in some cases a virulent white discharge occasionally followed for some
hours, sufficiently acrid to affect my local health, and “that,” she
added, “was now too precious in her estimation to risk it in any way.” I
thought it hard at the time, but it was only another proof of the
thoughtful wisdom of this estimable woman. At last, I was again in full
possession of her charming person. Oh! how we did revel in all the
luxuries and lubricity; almost every night my enchanting friend found
some new position to vary and enhance our erotic raptures. One new dose
was laying me down flat on my back, then straddling over me, she sank on
her knees, and with body erect, lifted up or rather bent back my
stiff-standing prick, until he was fairly below her open cunt, then
guiding it exactly to the proper entrance, she sank her body slowly down
upon it until fully engulphed, hair crushed hair, then as slowly raising
again, she drew off until all but the nut was uncovered, to again sink
down. In this position we could both see the whole process. At length,
becoming too excited, she sank on my bosom, then one arm and hand
pressed her splendid buttocks down on my throbbing prick after every
elevation of her magnificent backside while my other hand, doubling
round behind her, introduced the middle finger up her charming
bottom-hole, and worked in and out in unison with both our heaving
movements, until stopped by the grand crisis, when death-like languor
overcame us both almost at the same moment. I must not forget to mention
that from time to time I paid a visit to the small and rosy orifice that
lay so near to the more legitimate altar of Venus. It was a variety of
enjoyment that my lovely mistress acknowledged to me she at times felt
much inclined to enjoy, but only after having the front path of pleasure
well fucked and lubricated with sperm, which alone caused the other
mucous membrane to feel inclined that way.

I will here insert a characteristic letter from my loved mistress to her
intimate and bosom school friend, with the reply thereto. It was several
years before they were shown to me, and some time after I had possessed
_both_ the charming writers, for we all three became fast friends;
indeed, I may call myself or rather my prick, the pivot on which their
friendship turned, yet there never was the shade of jealousy on either
part, but in these remarks I am anticipating what I may, perhaps, be
hereafter tempted to describe more fully. I give these letters now,
because they immediately refer to the events I am at present relating.
They show the secret working of my loved mistress’s mind, and the
voluptuous nature of her temperament, and the satisfaction that my
delicious initiation had given. Her affectionate and flattering remarks,
relating to myself, are greater than I deserved. The following is the
first letter addressed to her friend:

MRS. BENSON TO THE HON. MRS. EGERTON.


Dear Carry,

I am about to keep my promise, and give you an account of our honeymoon.
You, my dear, must be equally faithful, and reply as frankly as I am now
about to write to you.

Two giddier girls than you and I never entered the bonds of matrimony,
or more earnestly longed for the sights connected with it. Well, after
the usual breakfast, we left by rail for Leamington, where we were to
pass our first night. We had a _coupé_ to ourselves; and beyond seating
me on his knee, and kissing me, Fred behaved with much decency and
propriety. We arrived and dined. The hour between tea and bedtime was
sufficiently tedious, as both of us were naturally much preoccupied. My
husband wrote a letter to mamma, telling her of our safe arrival, and of
his intense happiness. After which he asked me if I would go to bed, in
the most matter-of-fact way imaginable. I murmured an affirmative,
scarcely knowing what to say. He rang for a candle, and told me he would
follow shortly. It seemed like a dream to me. The maid showed me to a
room containing a large four-post bedstead, heavily hung with curtains,
and provided with old-fashioned furniture.

I seated myself on the edge of the bed and began to meditate. I sat
thus, for, I dare say, ten minutes, and then commenced undressing. I had
put on my nightgown, and removed everything but my stockings, when I
heard footsteps approach the door. I opened, and my husband entered,
closed it, and turned the key. Oh! Carry, I did feel so funny. I was
undressed in a bedroom with a man, and that man had a right to my
person. He seated himself in an armchair, and drew me on his knee.
Nothing but my thin nightgown separated my bottom from his bare knee,
for he had quite undressed in an adjoining room and had nothing on but
his shirt under his dressing-gown, which flew open as he sat down. He
drew my lips to his, and kissing me, thrust his tongue between them,
while his hand first caressed and squeezed my bosom, which, you know, is
pretty full and well-developed; it then wandered down upon my thigh,
pressed and felt the fleshy form. Little by little he approached my
belly, and for a moment pressed my mount. These preliminaries are at all
times exciting, but now they made me almost ill, so great was my
confusion. Seeing this, he drew up my nightgown, and placed his hand,
first on my naked thigh, then on my mount, and you know, Carry dear,
what a forest I have got there. He seemed delighted with it. His fingers
played with the silky curls, drawing them out to their full length, so
long that it appeared to surprise him, and his eyes sparkled, and his
face showed much excitement.

“Open your thighs, dearest,” he whispered.

I obeyed mechanically, and his middle finger forced itself between the
lips of my cunt, and commenced rubbing my clitoris. You know, by
experience, what an excitable one it is and to what a size it developes
itself when excited. Again Fred seemed delighted with his discovery.

“Does that please you, my darling?”

“Yes,” I faltered out.

He thrust his finger up my cunt, then rose up, threw off his
dressing-gown, took me in his arms, and lifted me on the bed, placing a
pillow under my head. Then letting my legs fall over the sides, he knelt
on the floor, and separating my thighs with his arms, stooped and kissed
my quim. He did more, he sucked and then licked with his tongue my
already excited clitoris. It set me on fire, and I could not avoid
showing it by the convulsive twitchings of my loins and buttocks.

“Do you like that, my love?”

“Oh! yes; so much!—so very much!”

I was nearly mad with the excitement he was putting me into. He again
stood up, and lifting my legs, his hands pressed them again and again.

“What delicious legs,” he exclaimed.

I could see his shirt bulging out. He leant forward, and with his arms
under my legs, lifted them well up, and I felt a stiff thick thing
pressing against my cunt. His left hand opened the lips, his right hand
guided it between them, and a cruel push lodged its great head
completely within. Neither you, or I, Carry, were strictly virgins, our
fingers and other means had opened our vaginas to a certain extent. We
had played too many tricks together to have left our maidenheads quite
intact, so that the passage was less difficult than it might have been.
Nevertheless, it had never been penetrated by the male organ, and that
of my husband was of the largest. I experienced, therefore, a great deal
of pain, and cried out—

“Oh, my dear Fred, you hurt me dreadfully, what are you doing?”

“Doing, my darling! why, I am getting into you. Have a little patience,
and I will make you mad with pleasure.”

Another determined thrust sent him halfway, and then with another, still
more violent, he lodged himself up to the hilt within. I screamed with
real pain, and struggled to free myself.

“Good heavens, sir, you are killing me; I will not endure such
treatment.”

He heeded me not, but holding me fast by the thighs commenced shoving in
and out furiously. A sensitive woman never receives an insertion of this
kind with impunity. The friction began to excite feelings that first
deadened the pain of entrance, and then began to awaken the delicious
sensations of lubricity. The enjoyment I began to experience was
delicious, and I could not refrain from heaving up to meet his thrusts.

“That is right, my angel; was I not correct in saying it would soon turn
from pain to pleasure? Do you not enjoy it now?”

“Yes; but you make me feel so funny. I don’t know what—it—is.”

His increased and rapid movement filled me with delight; I bounded up
and down in response to his thrusts, and felt so queer when, all of a
sudden, he gasped for breath, stopped, and I felt a greater and stiffer
swelling of his instrument, and then a gush of hot liquid dashed against
my womb, which continued running for some seconds. This, Carry, was my
first experience of what a man can do for us.

Withdrawing his huge affair—for he since admits he is larger than most
men—letting go my thighs—he pressed down upon me, and tenderly embraced
me, and said that I had behaved admirably; in future there would be no
more pain, and from what he had already experienced he felt sure I was
made for the fullest enjoyment that husband and wife could indulge in.
After a little fondling, he rose, drew off my stockings, and helped me
into bed, immediately following me. On throwing back the clothes to
enter the bed, he said he must kiss the dear little hairy thing that had
given him such pleasure. He kissed and toyed with it admiring the
profusion of hair on my mount, the whiteness and beauty of my belly, and
then, baring my breasts, admired, kissed, and sucked them. All this not
only excited me, but I could see very well it had again caused his
affair to stick out. Seeing that I was timidly glancing at it, he seized
my hand, and made me lay hold of it, showed me how the skin covered and
uncovered its head; then becoming rampageous, he got on my belly and
between my thighs, and again introduced his cock to where it had already
given such pleasure. He still rather hurt me, and made me smart for a
little while, but as the interior was well lubricated by his former
discharge, the penetration was easily accomplished. When up to the hilt,
and the two hairs were closely joined, he paused and said—

“We will take it less impatiently this time, that my darling Bessie may
enter into all the joys of fucking, for that is what we call it my dear;
so I shall go slowly to work until my darling’s passions awake and
urgently call for more rapid movements.”

He did so, and gradually produced the most lascivious excitement in my
whole body. I writhed beneath him in the utmost extasy, threw my arms
round his body, and hugged him to me.

“Oh! you are an angel,” he cried, “and made for enjoyment. Throw your
legs also over my back—there, that is it—and now I will hasten my
movements, and we will die away together.”

Oh, the delight he gave me was inexpressibly delicious; his rapid and
eager thrusts were as eagerly met by the upheaving of my bottom to
reciprocate them. The grand crisis seized us simultaneously, and we sank
momentarily exhausted in each other’s arms, leaving the dear exciter of
such joys soaking within. My dear husband was so pleased, he kissed and
fondled me in the sweetest manner, telling me that never woman before
had yielded him such intense pleasure, that nature had prompted me to as
much enjoyment as if I had been already married a month.

We were locked closely in the warmest embrace; his tenderness and
fondling began to have its effect on my passions, and involuntarily I
made some internal convulsive twitchings.

“I feel you, my darling, calling on my instrument for renewed efforts;
he will soon respond.”

And, in fact, I felt it swelling and swelling so deliciously that I
could not help continuing the interior pressures, although feeling
confusedly ashamed of the notice my husband took of it.

“Don’t be afraid, my sweetest love, but give way to whatever your
passions dictate, and thus you will best please me, and give to yourself
double enjoyment. I mean to initiate you into every secret that the
rites of Venus possess, and wish that my loved wife should become a
devoted votary, and I will do my best that she may revel in all the
luxuries of perfect coition.”

We completed this course with even greater abandon than before, and I
began to enjoy his embraces beyond anything our imaginations used to
suggest. This time he withdrew and lay down by my side, and taking me
within both his arms, continued his charming endearments. I never slept
that night; I was in a fever of restless excitement. My husband fucked
me five times before he dozed off. Towards morning I tossed and tumbled,
and could not sleep. Daylight soon came, my restlessness had shaken all
the bed clothes off, except a part of the sheet, and turning towards my
husband, I perceived that the sheet stuck up over the lower part of his
body. Curiosity seized me—I looked at him, and saw he was evidently
sleeping. So gently removing the sheet, I beheld the dear instrument of
all my last night’s joys as well as pains. You know how we used to long
to see man’s cock when we were at school, and how, when we did sometimes
see a boy’s limp thing hanging down, we used to wonder what change would
come over it, and how. Well, here was an opportunity of examining, at my
ease, the wonderful curiosity that had so puzzled us. The last edge of
the sheet passing over it touched its ruby head; it throbbed and
pulsated to the view. I was afraid this had awakened Fred, but no, he
slept as sound as ever. So I gently raised myself on my bottom, and
gazed on the dear object I had so longed to see and feel. There it stood
up like a pillar, rather bending towards his belly: and what surprised
me much was to see a dark strongly wrinkled bag at its roots, with
apparently two large balls inside; the hair on its roots spread in dark
mass up to his navel, and beautifully bright and curling it was. I
approached my lips, and made the action of kissing, without touching it.
Whether it felt my warm breath, I know not, but it actually throbbed a
response. What a great big thing it was, equally long as it was thick, I
did not think I could encircle it with my hand; I longed to try, but was
afraid I should waken Fred, and what would he think of me, I blushed at
the very idea; but my passions became excited, and too strong to resist
the temptation. So first lying gently down again, I very quietly dropped
my arm over him and touched his cock, it throbbed at the touch, but Fred
slept on. So raising myself again, I very gently laid hold of it. It was
as much as I could grasp below the head, but was beyond my grasp at the
root; I found it took three of my hands to measure its length from the
root to the nut, which stood out in all its redness above. I was almost
breathless with excitement, and lost some of my caution. Stooping down,
I gently kissed the ruby head, when, before I knew where I was, it was
pushed up into my mouth, and my husband’s voice said—

“Oh, you dear darling creature! how kind of you to waken me so
luxuriously!”

I was horrified at being discovered; and blushing up to the eyes, I hid
my face in his bosom.

“Do not be ashamed, my angel, it is now as much yours as mine, and have
you not as much right to see, kiss, and handle it? come, don’t be
ashamed.”

However, I could not face him, and when he tried to raise my head I
turned my back. He seized me round the waist, and, before I knew where I
was, passed a hand between my thighs, and guided his huge cock to the
lips of my cunt, and was in me, I thought further than ever, in a
moment. It is true the previous toying with his instrument had terribly
excited me, and I had felt that my cunt had become very moist, but I had
no idea that anything could be accomplished in that position. I was most
delightfully undeceived, for not only did it feel tighter in it, but
transferring his fingers from guiding his prick, he touched and played
with my clitoris, and produced such excessive lubricity that I went off
and spent with a scream of delight before he was ready; but continuing
with finger and cock to ravish me inside and out, he soon brought me
again to such a pitch of lewdness that I was quite ready to spend with
him when the grand crisis arrived. Nothing could exceed the pleasure; my
internal pressures, he declared, were the most exquisite he had ever
experienced. My clitoris, too, he declared was quite unique. You
remember how it used to stick out when excited as far as the first thumb
joint, and how, when sometimes I played the husband on your belly, you
declared that it actually entered between the lips of your cunt, rubbed
against your smaller development, and gave you great pleasure, as indeed
it gave me. My husband has often examined and sucked it, and admires it
beyond measure. At present he did not withdraw, declaring that I held
him so tight he did not think he could pull it out if he tried. In fact,
it was involuntary on my part, and I could not help clinging to his dear
instrument for the life of me.

Oh, how he fondled and embraced me, making me partially turn my body so
that he might kiss and tongue me, and then suck my bubbies; his busy
finger all the time tickling and frigging my clitoris. I soon felt his
cock swelling so deliciously within me, and he shortly recommenced his
rapturous pushings in and out. We made a long, long bout of it, and I am
sure that I spent twice before joining him at the last moment, when he
died away in a shout of joy that I feared must have been heard by the
servants in the house, who long before this had been on the move. After
this we lay soaking and enjoying it for more than half an hour, when my
husband declared he felt as if a wolf was at his stomach, and that he
must have some breakfast. He got up and quickly dressed, desiring me to
lie still, and he would bring me some breakfast in bed, and that, while
it was getting ready, he would order some warm water to bathe myself
with. I felt his delicacy, and loved him for it. The water came, I was
much refreshed after using it, and got into bed again, but I felt
awfully stiff and done up all that and next day.

My darling husband waited on me himself at breakfast, stimulating me to
eat freely as a means of restoring my lost strength; which he very soon
put to the test again, for he fucked me three times during the day, and
each time he gave me greater pleasure than before. He was just as active
at night. And the whole three weeks we stayed at Leamington, he never
fucked me less than four times a night, declaring that I had become most
perfect in the exercise.

We then came here, our old friend, Mrs. Roberts, having kindly insisted
upon our paying her a long visit Fred has been called away suddenly and
will not return for a month. I am sure you will pity me, as you know my
temperament is too hot to keep chaste so long. You remember Charlie
Roberts; you would consider him a child, but he is not so. One afternoon
Fred followed me into my bedroom, as was usual, and gamahuched and
fucked me on the edge of the bed. I was about to leave the room after he
was gone, when on opening a closet, in which my dresses were hung, who
should I discover but this same Charlie. I was in a fix.

There was no doubt the lad had seen everything. I spoke kindly to him,
and he promised secrecy. In order to ensure it, I determined to have his
maidenhead. A few days afterwards my husband left me, and the girls with
their mamma and the governess went to town with him, leaving Charlie to
keep me company. I went upstairs with him to the drawing room, and
seating myself in a low chair, crossed my legs carelessly, exposing
them, and letting the garter and part of the bare skin of one thigh be
visible. The effect was what I expected. I saw Charlie’s eyes fixed on
the exposure, he blushed scarlet, and I could distinctly see his cock
swell out under his trousers. In a little while I had unbuttoned them,
and, oh, Carry, would you imagine it, I found he had the cock of a man.
I could scarcely believe my eyes. He is not quite fifteen, and yet he is
almost as large as Fred. Here was a godsend, indeed! I drew up my
petticoats, and the gallant little fellow instantly fell on his knees,
kissed and sucked my cunt. To reward him, I placed him on his back on
the couch, and got on the top of him. I took his pego into my mouth, and
pressed my cunt against his face, we devoured each other with our
luxurious caresses until we both spent copiously. Nothing was lost, we
both greedily swallowed all we could get.

At home he is looked upon as still a child, and I had little difficulty
in arranging for him to sleep in a little dressing room adjoining my
bedroom, with which there is a door of communication. He was sent early
to bed, but when I came I found him still awake, expecting me, and I had
the delicious treat of initiating him into the pleasures of fucking. If
you ever wish to enjoy _par excellence_ this pleasure, get hold of a
vigorous boy who has never had a woman. My good fortune threw into my
hands a wonderfully provided youth, whose aptitude, as well as size and
powers, it would be very difficult to match. I had already given him
several lessons in the enrapturing art when we fell asleep, and now I
must mention a little episode, which it would not do to omit.

In the morning I was dreaming of Fred, when I became conscious that
something was entering me. I was in that half-dreaming state when it is
difficult to be quite certain what is happening, but gradually I became
aware that although there was no doubt I was being entered, it was not
in the usual way. My husband had frequently of late pushed his prick up
my bottom-hole, and as he told me that all husbands did so, I could make
no objections. I, therefore, at first took it for granted that Fred,
finding my naked bottom in his lap, could not resist the temptation of
entering it. I, therefore, humoured him, and so moved my bottom as to
facilitate his complete entrance, and began to feel myself the
excitement it occasioned, but as I became wider awake, I gradually
called to mind that Fred had left me, and that Charlie was my bedfellow.
The audacity of the young rogue paralysed me, but his delicious
movements had become too nice for me to think of dislodging him. He
insisted that he was quite unconscious of his mistake, and that he
believed himself buried in the delicious grotto of the night before. It
probably was so, for so perfect an ignoramus as he is, although ever so
apt a scholar in Venus’s rites, he could hardly have imagined there
could be any entrance in the smaller orifice. I let him go on, and with
his well hung cock in my bottom, and two or three fingers in my cunt, he
fucked and frigged me most deliciously, until we both spent in an agony
of pleasure. If, Carry, you have not tried this route I strongly
recommend you to do so without delay, but you must be well fucked in the
first instance, to stimulate a desire in those parts, and your lover
must be up to the art of frigging you at the same time, or you can pass
your hand under your belly, and rub your clitoris, which was the plan I
adopted with Charlie, until I taught him the art of rubbing the clitoris
properly. As there is always more excitement when this is done by a
male, it is better to have them when one can, but, _faute de mieux_—one
can do it oneself with much additional lascivious satisfaction.

To give you an instance of the precocious aptitude of this dear little
fellow, I mounted upon him one morning, keeping my body erect, that we
might see the delicious instrument in its action of being engulphed and
then withdrawn, a most exciting pose which I recommend you to try, if
your husband has not already taught it to you. At last, overcome by the
lascivious movements, I sank on his bosom. He pressed my bottom down
with one hand, and with the other embracing the nearer buttock,
introduced his middle finger up the rosy orifice of my bottom, and
frigged me in unison with our ups and downs of fucking, giving me the
most delicious additional sensations.

What do you think of that for a _tyro_? His discretion, too, is
extraordinary. The first night after I sent him to his own bed, he
overslept himself. I had not thought of that, and had not looked into
his little room before descending to breakfast. His sister was sent to
call him. He at once excused himself by saying he had had a bad dream,
she came down and told us. In a few minutes he followed, and in the most
natural way possible, told a tale of fright, declared he had awoke
screaming and afterwards had been so frightened that he could not sleep,
and turning to me in the most natural way, hoped his scream had not
disturbed me. He never came near me, or appeared in any way attracted by
me—a discretion worthy of a man of the world. Oh! my dear Carry, I shall
make a great deal of this boy. We have had several delicious nights
since, and he improves wonderfully. Splendidly as my husband fucks,
Charley already beats him. He is quite as often ready, indeed, oftener,
and it is I that hold him back, but there is something still so
charmingly infantine in his way of caressing me, and then the lascivious
idea he is all my own, and that I initiated him in love’s mysteries,
adds an inexpressible charm to our lascivious encounters. I feel that I
shall almost regret my husband’s return, as it will force me to give up
this delicious indulgence. Not the slightest shadow of suspicion of our
doings is excited in the family, thanks to the very guarded and
admirable conduct of Charlie, which is above all praise.

Write to me soon, my dear Carry, and be sure you are as candid as this
long, long letter is to you, for the life of me I could not make it
shorter. I only hope you will give me one as long, and have as much
delicious intelligence for me. I know you too well to suppose that you
have not found means as I have done, to try what other men are made of,
although you can scarcely have had such wonderful luck as mine. Write
then, and write without reserve. Our mutual affection is too sincere to
allow of any concealment whatever between two such loving and lewd
lascivious friends.

Ever your affectionate friend,

E. BENSON.


Such was the long letter my adored mistress wrote at the time to her
school companion. It will be seen that their attachment had led to
something more than the usual fingerings and caressings of school girls,
indeed, had led them on to the lewdest and most lascivious indulgences
that two girls could practise in common, and had first excited their
passions and given them the delicious power of pleasing coition they
were both so perfect in, for, as I before said, about two years after
this time, I was the possessor of both and many and many an orgy we
three had together, without the shadow of jealousy on any side. It will
be seen that Mrs. Egerton, in her reply, even looks forward to the
delicious indulgence, which in the end was happily effected and long
continued. The following is her reply—

THE HON. MRS. EGERTON TO MRS. BENSON.


How can I ever sufficiently thank my darling Lizzie for her delicious
letter, I have devoured its delightful details a dozen times already. I
keep it in my bosom, and renew the pleasure of its perusal at every
spare moment. _Too long?_ Oh! with such a charming power of description,
why did you not cover fifty more pages. Never in my life have I enjoyed
such an exquisite description of those dear lascivious encounters. How
delighted I am at your good fortune in meeting with such a miracle of a
boy as that dear Charlie Roberts. Why, he has every quality of a man,
united to the charm of extreme youth. What a splendid man he will
become, the very perfection of a lover, and already possessing so lewd
and lascivious a lubricity. Oh! how I envy you his possession. What luck
for him too, to have fallen into the hands of so delicious a teacher as
my beloved Lizzie is. Am I not myself her pupil, and were you not my own
delicious instructress in all that one of our sex could teach each the
other.

You will remember a long-standing engagement entered into, between us
made, when we were both so lewd and so longing for the real knowledge of
man, and how we pledged ourselves that if either got possession of a
lover, we should manage after a while to share him between us. Your
description of Charlie Roberts has brought this pledge most vividly to
my recollection. I am sure my dear Lizzie will not be angry or jealous
when I avow that I long to participate with her in the possession of
that darling boy; and if my Lizzie is as of old, I feel certain she will
rather indulge and cultivate this propensity than otherwise. Think how
easy it will be for us both to arrange the meeting of all three
together, because I wish to possess him in common, certain that it will
increase the lascivious pleasure of coition. No one will suspect us when
we drive out, two women with one man. It will naturally be supposed that
one fears the other, and so there will be no danger. See, here I am at
once anticipating future scenes, but it is all owing to the extremely
exciting and lascivious details you have so vividly given me.

I have no such delicious scenes to depict as those you have so
delightfully described to me. My honeymoon passed off in a much more
common-place way than yours. Our marriage, which was performed within a
day of your own, went off as such events do. My husband was loving,
without being very warm. I felt very much as you describe on going to
bed the first night, but the discretion or delicacy of my husband, which
I could well have pardoned him for dispensing with, left me time not
only to get into bed, but kept me waiting there some time. He entered
like yours in his dressing-gown, but immediately put out the light and
found his way into bed, as best he could. He crept to my side and
embraced me tenderly enough, and began to fondle and kiss me, telling me
how dearly he loved me, etc., but for some time he avoided any indecent
liberties. I suppose he thought it necessary to gain my confidence and
quiet any alarm I might be in. He might have saved himself the trouble,
for in reality I was longing for and at the same time somewhat dreading
an attack on my maiden charms. At last, little by little, he approached
the object of delight, and eventually begging me not to be alarmed, he
mounted upon me and effected the object of his desires. He did not hurt
me much, not nearly as much as I expected, nor so much as you seem to
have suffered. I deemed it politic to affect more suffering than he
really inflicted. Towards the end I had slight scintillations of
pleasure, but not worth mentioning; it is true my husband is not so
well-armed as yours and Charlie appear to be, and he is also much colder
in his passions; for instance, he did not attempt to fuck me again,
although I would have been gratified if he had done so; perhaps it was
considerate towards me in his idea, but, merely embracing me in his
arms, he talked himself and me to sleep.

In the morning he again fucked me, this time giving me something like
pleasure, but I was altogether disappointed with my night’s experience.
It was not such as you or I, my dear Lizzie, had pictured to ourselves,
in our anticipations of the marriage night. My husband since has never
exceeded twice a night, but he has become more exciting, and has
generally made me spend twice to his once, first exciting my passions by
feeling all my private parts, and frigging my clitoris, so that I
generally have lubricated the passage by my own discharge before he
attempts to make an entrance. I find he likes this, and so far it
pleases me, because only one discharge would leave me in a state of
excitement unbearable. He has never attempted any of those lewder and
more lascivious methods, of which you have had such delicious
experience. Altogether, I cannot but say I am disappointed. My husband
is loving, and very anxious that I should improve my mind in every way.
You know I was rather more proficient than usual at school in Italian.
My husband speaks it fluently, and as we mean to spend a winter at Rome,
was anxious that I should have further instruction. He asked me if my
school teacher was a good one, but I did not encourage that idea. You
may remember our former master was a Count Fortunio, so handsome and so
enterprising that you and I had both formed the plan of having him, and
had already put over some of the preliminaries when, unfortunately, he
was caught with that impudent Miss Peace, with whom, doubtless, he had
accomplished everything. Of course, he was instantly changed for
another, and we saw no more of him, to the sad disappointment of our
then libidinous hopes. My husband proposed advertising for a master,
when I had the happy instinct to tell him that schoolmistresses
generally applied to Rolandi, of Berner’s Street, for language masters,
and that, if he would write or call, he would be sure to get every
information. That evening, after dinner, as we sat dozing over the fire
in the library—very imperfectly lighted—my husband informed me that he
had seen Rolandi, who had most strongly recommended a very gentlemanly
man, moving in good society, namely, the Count Fortunio. I started in
amazement; fortunately, owing to the half-light we were in, my surprise
and confusion were unnoticed by my husband. He said that he had been
referred to one or two gentlemen of standing as to the Count’s
character, that he called upon them, and felt satisfied that I could not
be in better hands. You may imagine what an effect this information had
upon me. All night long I could think of nothing else. What seemed most
difficult to me was the hiding from my husband our previous knowledge of
each other. I feared the Count would at once recognise me and claim
acquaintance, which was what I most wished to avoid; to you, from whom I
have no secrets, I may own it immediately occurred to me that this would
be an opportunity (for which I had in heart been longing) of obtaining
the services of a lover I could trust. How to manage it I knew not, but
chance, that favourer of all wrongdoers, stood me in good stead.

My husband had intended to be present to receive the Count. Fortunately,
a letter arrived in the morning requiring his instant attendance in the
City about the sale of some stock, of which he was trustee. He begged me
to see the Count, and arranged as to hours of attendance, &c., the more
frequently the better. I felt my embarrassment was at an end; the next
thing was to avoid letting the servants, those domestic spies on our
conduct, see the first meeting. There was a small room off our drawing
room that had no door but the opening into the drawing room; this was
fitted up as a sort of boudoir writing room, and my husband had pointed
it out as a convenient place for me to take my lessons in. Here,
therefore, I posted myself, and awaited the hour of arrival, to which he
was punctual. He was announced and I told the servants to show him in. I
sat purposely with my back to the entrance, apparently engaged in
writing, as if I did not know he had approached, until I heard the door
of the drawing room shut. I then rose, turned, and smilingly held out my
hand. He started with surprise, but immediately and gallantly kissed the
hand held out to him.

“I hope you are not disappointed in finding who is going to be your
pupil.”

“Oh, no, certainly not; I did not know you under your married name; but
I am so happy to renew an acquaintance which at one time had such
charming promise.”

“Stop, signor, I am now married, and it is necessary to be very
cautious. I do not wish to deny that I am much pleased to renew
acquaintance with you, but it must be with great reserve. Sit down by my
side, and be reasonable.”

“Reasonable! and by the side of one whom I so much loved, and from whom
I had such hope. Oh! dear Mrs. Egerton, you are surely not going to
treat me as a mere master. You would render me miserable if you did so.
How can I help admiring one whom I so fondly loved, and with whom I
hoped for such happiness long ago.”

Here, having possession of my hand, his other arm was passed round my
waist, and he drew me to his lips, and I must own, I reciprocated the
ardent kiss he gave me. You remember how handsome he is, and how soft
and loving was the expression of his eyes. Well, my dear, to cut matters
short, I was so excited that I hardly observed that he had passed his
hand up to my petticoats, until I found he had got it on my mount. My
passions being excited, and knowing that my husband could not return,
and also that he had given strict orders that I was not to be disturbed
in my Italian lessons, I gave way unreservedly to the excitement the
Count raised. Before I well knew where I was, he was on his knees in
front of the low chair on which I was seated. He had thrown up my
petticoats, and I felt a long and extremely hard prick rush up my cunt,
and begin the most lively action. In fact, he carried me (not
unwillingly I must avow) by storm, and made haste to secure the fortress
at once, so that I had a very quick fuck, that did not assuage the fire
he had raised within me. He has since apologised for his haste, saying
that he wished to secure possession of me before I could think of
resistance, so as to ensure more facilities of connection hereafter. We
had no lesson in language that day, but another bout of love, in which
he did his utmost, and with perfect success, to give me the most
delicious enjoyment.

In fact, my dear Lizzie, I may say it was the first fuck that thoroughly
realised my, or rather our, anticipations of the act. We arranged the
line of conduct necessary to be followed so as neither to compromise me
or him either. In a short time we had again a delicious fuck. Seated,
with outstretched legs, on a chair, he got me to straddle over him, and
sink down on his stiff upstanding prick. I have tried this position
kneeling, with my husband on his back; but it does not equal the chair
fuck. One has so much better a spring from one’s feet than from one’s
knees, besides, the man is brought more face to face, and there is more
facility for mutual embracings; but both ways have their charm. I had
repeatedly observed that the Count apparently lost his place, and on
recovering it, partially penetrated the smaller orifice, which you so
picturesquely describe. I thought it accident, and as it hurt, I always
put him back, and joked him on his awkwardness. But after I read your
dear delightful letter. I became convinced that he had a wish to
penetrate there, without the courage to tell me so.

I must confess to you, that our stolen embraces at home had become too
unsatisfactory, and the Count had arranged for a private house to be at
our disposal. Of an afternoon I drove out shopping, called at Swan and
Edgar’s in Regent Street, leaving the carriage at the door, walked
upstairs, made some trifling purchase, paid for and left it until I
should call in an hour; then descending by another staircase, left by
the Piccadilly entrance, and taking a cab, joined my expectant lover,
where he was waiting for me. There stripping perfectly naked, we enjoyed
each other most lasciviously, and practised every act of lubricity. When
satiated with our efforts, a second cab conducted me to St. James’s
passage, in Jermyn Street, from whence I gained on foot Swan and Edgar’s
in Piccadilly, received my parcel, and rejoined my carriage. Thus no
suspicions were excited, either in the household or otherwise.

We have met thrice since your dear delicious letter fired my
imagination, and I have seized the occasion to taste the sweets of the
neighbouring altar to Venus’s legitimate one. After the Count had fucked
me twice I turned my back as if wishing it in a way we often enjoyed it,
but took care to place my bottom in such a position that the smaller
orifice was nearest to his standing prick. Whether he saw my drift I
know not, but finding with his finger how conveniently it lay, he
plunged boldly forward, and half sheathed himself at the first push. I
started with the sudden pain, and should have disengaged myself at once,
notwithstanding that I purposely placed myself to receive his prick in
my bottom-hole, but with his arms round my waist I was perfectly
powerless, and another thrust sent him up to the hilt, but really
hurting me most sensitively; I begged him to desist and withdraw, but he
said—

“I will remain quite quiet for a time, and you will see that your pain
will diminish, and then you will like it.”

I could not help myself, and sure enough he was right. Shortly I felt no
pain; slipping one hand down, he began to frig my clitoris, and in a
little time, finding by the involuntary movements of my loins that my
passions were excited, he began to move very slightly and slowly. I soon
found a strange excitement seize me, which increased to such a degree
that I almost fainted, when my nature gave down its divinest essence. We
have since repeated the new experience, but I quite agree with you in
thinking that we must be well fucked first.

The Count is a master of his weapon, which, neither quite so long as you
describe your husband’s nor nearly so thick at the point, is very much
so at the root, and as stiff and hard as iron. I assure you, the wild
excess of passion he drives me into is indescribable. You shall
experience the delight of his fucking, for, with you and me, there must
be no difficulty, diversion, nor jealousy. Nay, I shall try to seduce
your husband, with a view to cover our delinquencies. I would offer you
mine, but, truly, he is not worth having to a woman who can find better,
as my dear Lizzie so charmingly does. We have managed matters so
prudently that my husband has taken a great fancy to the Count, and he
dines frequently at our house.

We have often talked of you. I told him of your marriage, and of a
probability of your eventually settling in London. I marked the sparkle
of his eyes at the news, but was silent as to your letter and
adventures. It is better we should manage the affair between us when you
are here.

So you see, after all, I have not come off so badly, although, I must
say, tamely in comparison with the delicious adventures of my dear and
charming Lizzie. I think, when we meet, we shall be able to get up
parties of the most delightful kind. I even hope we may induce the Count
to join you and Charlie in a _partie carrée_; what fun and pleasure we
should have, and then the delight of exchanging lovers at each bout. Oh!
the very idea has set me on fire; fortunately, I am expecting my lover
at every moment. I will close my letter with this lascivious picture,
and in hopes of some day realizing it with my loved Lizzie, Whose most
affectionate and attached friend,

I shall ever remain,

CARRY EGERTON.


Such were these two charming letters, and I may immediately mention now
that the lascivious picture dear Carry drew of a _partie carrée_—we four
the actors—was afterwards realised to the utmost extent of every
salacious enjoyment that the most experienced lubricity could suggest.

The Count and I often sandwiched them between us, which they declared to
be the _ne plus ultra_ of pleasure, while the upper operator gamahuched
the unoccupied quim. Nay, these giddy delicious creatures were not
satisfied until they had induced us to alternate the joys of coition
with each other; but that was rarely the case. These enchanting women
were so exquisitely seductive that, while we had them at our disposal,
we sought no other source of delight. But I am digressing, and talking
of events that occurred long after the period which I am more
particularly describing.

The three weeks’ absence of Mr. Benson terminated, alas, far too soon;
in fact, time flew so quick that it hardly appeared three days when a
letter arrived announcing his return for the next day. My heart was
ready to burst, but I managed to make no show or mention when Mrs. B.
told the news at breakfast. Mrs. B. observed that I turned pale, but no
one else remarked anything. We contrived to meet for a short time in the
middle of the day, and she embraced me tenderly, with tears in her eyes,
and looking so loving that my passions became overexcited, and hers too.
Notwithstanding the imprudence of the risk, we there and then had a most
delightful and salacious fuck; and at night this charming woman allowed
me full liberty to do anything I liked; and as often as nature would
support us we revelled in a sea of lubricity. How often I cannot say,
although my loved mistress declared that I had spent ten times, I am
certain she did oftener than that, for neither closed an eye, nor ceased
from the most loving embraces. She exerted all the wonderful powers of
seduction for which she was so distinguished. Never mortal man could
have passed a more intoxicating night of pleasure. We heard movements in
the house before we parted with mutual tears coursing down our cheeks.

It was with difficulty I tore myself from her; indeed, I could not have
done so if she had not herself risen, and tenderly embracing me, told me
to have courage and hope, for, somehow or other, we should manage an
occasional interview. Particularly cautioning me to be perfectly on my
guard when her husband came, she said it would be better if I kept out
of the way until after the first interview was over, as it might be too
much for me to see him embrace her. I did as she desired. No one noticed
me in the confusion of his arrival.

Mamma had insisted upon my returning to my bed in her room, as she was
sure Mr. Benson would require the dressing room. Mrs. B., from policy,
objected, saying that there was no occasion, that I had been so quiet
she had never once been conscious of my being there, &c., but mamma had
her own way, and I really believe very much to the satisfaction of Mrs.
B. herself; for I doubt, if Mr. B. had been aware of my close proximity,
whether he would altogether have liked it. Nevertheless, he so
completely treated me as little more than a child that I am quite sure
he had no suspicion of my having occupied his place so continuously
during his absence.

Mr. and Mrs. B. retired shortly after his arrival, doubtless to plunge
into all the joys of venery after his long absence, and his wife’s
supposed privation of them. The idea of that being the case did not so
much annoy me as I expected; on the contrary, imagination portrayed them
in all the agonies of delight, and actually excited me extremely. All at
once, the idea struck me that I might be purposely hid in the closet,
behold all their delicious encounters, and when he had left his wife to
put herself to rights, and the key was turned upon him, I might then in
my turn, fly into my enchanting mistress’s arms, and revel in all the
joys her well moistened and juicy cunt could give. I determined to
propose this to dear Mrs. Benson the first moment I could get her apart
from all observation.

I was a little _distrait_ in the schoolroom that day, but an appeal from
Miss Evelyn recalled me to my senses. She asked me what I could be
thinking of; I held down my head and blushed. Already an adept in
dissimulation, I faltered out that it was of herself and of her
endearing caresses the day before, which had made me feel so queer all
over. In fact, the previous day she had hugged me rather close to her,
and kissed me more lovingly than usual, which really had, at the time,
inflamed my desires, and given me great hope of matters coming to a more
satisfactory termination with her. She patted my check, and kissed me
again, saying I was a naughty boy to have any such thoughts, and I must
not indulge in them, or she would not love me any more. But there was a
sparkle in her eye, and a flush on her cheek, which showed me she was
anything but displeased.

At our usual break up at four o’clock, I went to the parlour to see if,
by chance, I could get a secret word with Mrs. B., but found that she
and her husband had again retired. I knew what that meant; it set me too
on fire, and I flew to the garden where my sisters had gone to play. I
gave Mary a hint, which she readily understood, and proposed a game of
hide and seek. To prevent Eliza interrupting us, I took up a stone,
which I furtively dropped again, and proposed that Eliza should guess
first, in which hand I had got it, and if she guessed wrong she was to
be the seeker. Of course, she guessed wrong. So we bound up her eyes,
and she was to stand behind a tree and count one hundred before she
attempted to look for or seek us. We made a detour, and as fast as we
could run reached the summer house, which, as all the ladies were in the
house occupied, I knew to be untenanted. We entered and locked the door,
in an instant I had Mary down on her back on the sofa, my head between
her thighs, and my tongue in her cunt, and then on her clitoris. She was
as eager for it as myself. A week had passed since the happy day of
giving up her maidenhead to me. She had thoroughly got over all the
pains and inconveniences of that day, and was as ready for a renewal of
what could only be joys now as I was. She spent in my mouth almost as
soon as I began to gamahuche her clitoris. Waiting an instant to lick up
and swallow the soft and delicious young discharge, I rose, pulled out
my bursting prick, and engulphed it in her well-moistened sheath with
one rapturous shove up to the hilt, positively taking away her breath by
the energy of the attack. I was almost as rapid in coming to a
conclusion as she had been. Nevertheless, she died away a second time,
the moment she felt the warm gush of my raging discharge. We lay some
minutes rapt in the lascivious lap of lubricity. But in our young and
unbroken energies, nature soon reasserted her power. I must give my
sister the palm. It was the internal pressures of the inner folds of her
deliciously tight cunt that first awakened my vigour. Somewhat more
slowly we began another love encounter, which speedily became much more
rapid and energetic, ending as usual in an extasy of delight, and
closing with actual cries of intense pleasure.

It was well we had completed our second course, for we heard the
footsteps of Eliza, who, after in vain searching for us near to where we
had left her, had at last sought us in the summer house. I had just time
to arrange my trousers and unlock the door when she arrived and burst in
upon us. She said it was unfair to go so far away, but we only laughed,
and proposed that Mary should now seek us. We were standing outside
below the mound, tying on the handkerchief, when Miss Evelyn was seen
approaching. She came up and noticed the flush still on Mary’s cheeks,
but we at once told her that we had been playing at hide and seek, and
had had a good run, and that it was now Mary’s turn to be the seeker.
However, Miss Evelyn said she thought we had had enough exercise for the
time, and that it would be better to walk gently about to get cool, as
it only wanted a few minutes of the hour for renewing our lessons, so we
all demurely returned to the house. A reflection struck me that it would
be necessary to initiate my sister Eliza in our secrets, and although
she might be too young for the complete insertion of my increasingly
large cock, I might gamahuche her while fucking Mary, and give her
intense pleasure. In this way we could retire without difficulty to
spots where we should be quite in safety, and even when such was not the
case, we could employ Eliza as a watch, to give us early notice of
anyone approaching. It will be seen that this idea was afterwards most
successfully carried out to the immense increase of my pleasure.

It was a lovely summer evening. After dinner Mr. B., who, doubtless, had
no longer any amorous longing, after having twice retired during the
day, challenged Miss Evelyn to a game at chess, of which she was a great
proficient. Mamma, Mrs. B., and the two girls stepped out into the
flower garden, to enjoy the beauty of the evening. Fortunately mamma
fancied she felt chilly, and shortly went back again, taking the two
girls with her, and setting Mary down to the piano. I seized the happy
moment, and drew Mrs. B. to a seat, far removed beyond the hearing of
any listeners, but in sight of the windows. There I unfolded to her the
plan I had proposed to myself; she smiled at my precocious ingenuity,
but added it would not be safe to leave the closet door open, even
partially, as by chance Mr. B. might open it, and that would never do;
but she might lock me in—or rather I might do so from the inside.

“Ahh! but then I want to see it all—it is so exciting to see Mr. B.
working into that divine body of yours.”

She laughed heartily at my remark, and said I was a lewd lascivious
young rascal—adding:

“But are you not jealous to see another in possession of me?”

I admitted that that was my first impression, but on thinking over it, I
had become convinced I should like her and enjoy her all the more
lasciviously if I were a witness to their love contests, but I must be
able to see them.

“Well! can you not bore a couple of holes an inch and a half apart,
below the middle panel and cut a narrow slit from hole to hole? I will
take care to place myself in a proper position, and do my best to
gratify your premature lubricity. My darling boy, you progress
wonderfully, and make me proud of my pupil.”

Seeing she took it thus kindly, I said—

“Do tell me, my beloved mistress, how often he has fucked you today?”

“Will it please you really, my dear Charlie, to know that?”

“Oh! yes, so much.”

“Well, then, six times in the morning, and four before dinner. He was
bursting with desire, and could not hold. He spent twice before giving
me time to come once, but then you know, my dear Charlie, how actively
you had been employing your time all the previous night, you sad rogue
that you are.”

“Did you enjoy it much, my dear Mrs. B.?”

“Why, if I must tell you, you little curiosity box, I did; you know how
powerfully my husband is hung, and loving him as I do, it is impossible
to undergo his powerful and lascivious embraces without feeling all
one’s libidinous passions stirred up within me, but even while in his
possession, my dear boy, I thought of your young charms, and the fierce
delights we had enjoyed together last night. My husband little imagined
it was of you, not him, that I was thinking and stimulating myself to
wild upheavings of voluptuous movements, while he was revelling in all
the lubricity of his own passions, and fucking me to my heart’s
content.”

“Oh! how delicious! my angelic mistress,” I cried, “the pleasure of your
vivid description almost makes me faint with desire—oh! that I could
possess you at once.”

“You must not think of that, my dear darling boy. We must manage it
tomorrow; I shall go into the house at once, and occupy your mother’s
attention, do you get a gimlet and chisel, slip up at once to my
bedroom, and prepare a peephole for tomorrow; be careful to put it low
down, below the projection of the middle panel of the door in which the
lock is placed, and take care to remove the pieces of wood you take out.
I shall put the key inside of the door. Your sisters always take two
hours at the piano after your midday meal, our luncheon is served at the
same time. Mr. B. is sure to require my attendance in my room after
that, but I shall detain him by some excuse till I observe that you have
disappeared, and after giving you sufficient time, we shall follow, and
you shall have the extraordinary satisfaction you require; but above all
remember—not a movement to betray yourself until my husband leaves and I
have locked the door behind him.” So saying, she pressed her lovely hand
on my stiffly excited member, rose and joined mamma. I lost no time in
following her advice, and happily executed all I wanted, and returned
unconcernedly to the drawing room, without my absence having occasioned
any remark. Next day I got safely to my hiding-room, and had comfortably
stowed myself away in such a position that the opening I had made was on
a level with my eyes, before they arrived. She, dear creature,
anticipating my vista, had merely slipped on a dress, without a corset,
and told her husband that he was so insatiate that she was obliged to be
ready at a moment’s notice to satisfy his inordinate passion, so she had
only to take off her gown to be at her ease. “Most admirable, my darling
wife, but drop off everything, and let me contemplate, at my ease, all
the beauties of your exquisite body.”

No sooner said than done, and my lovely mistress stood in all the glory
of her magnificent and beautiful naked form. He kissed and fondled her
from head to foot, laid her on the bed and gamahuched her till she
squealed again with pleasure. Then pulling out his magnificent prick, he
plunged it into her delicious cunt at a single bound, evidently giving
her the most exquisite delight, as was evidenced by the instantaneous
clasping of him with her arms and legs, and the rapid wriggling of her
backside. They soon ran a first course, but Mr. B. remained engulphed in
the closely fitting sheath of his salacious wife. She evidently exerted
herself more than usual, both for her own pleasure as well as to give
satisfaction to me, for once when she turned her head in my direction I
caught her eyes, and she smiled, giving a still more vigorous heave than
usual, and showing me all her cunt at full stretch with the noble prick
in it. I was ready to burst. At last their bout was over for the
present; Mr. B. withdrew his prick, all slimy from its sheath, pendant,
but still full of size.

Most extraordinary! I would have given a good deal to have dared to rush
out, put it in my mouth and suck it dry, I can hardly describe how
strongly this desire took possession of me. It was the first promptings
of a passion I have since often indulged in, where I have met with
companions with whom I could join in orgies of both sexes. Mrs. B.
professed to be dead beaten by the constant and frequent renewals of
these interviews in addition to night work and lay perfectly still,
while he performed his ablutions and readjusted, his habiliments.

“Fasten the door after me,” said he, as he ardently pressed her form in
his arms and kissed her. She had continued stretched on the bed, exactly
facing me, with legs widely extended, so as to show me the whole of her
lovely cunt, which I could see still panted under its late excitement.
My charming mistress told me it was palpitating not for what had passed,
but for what it was waiting for. She rose at last and closed the door,
turning the key upon her husband. She then approached the bidet to
purify herself, but I bounded from the closet, seized her in my arms,
dashed her back on the bed and immediately glued my lips to her glowing
and foaming cunt, with all the froth and spending of her husband oozing
out. I greedily devoured it, and raised her to such a frenzy of lewdness
that she dragged me up and cried, frantically—

“For God’s sake fuck me—fuck me!”

Of course my cock was bursting to do so; with one shove he was sheathed
to the cods; my loved mistress spent with that alone, so highly was she
excited, not only by the preparations, but as she herself acknowledged
to me, by the idea of the instantaneous infidelity to her husband, at
the moment after he had just fucked her—such is the wild imagination of
women when they give way to every libidinous thought. It would have been
exactly the same if some equally fortunate lover had been awaiting my
retiring from the field. The idea of success in deception is a passion
with them, and they would almost sacrifice anything to obtain it. Before
I could arrive at the grand crisis, she was again ready, and we died
away in an agony of blissful lubricity—she held me, as usual, so tight
that I never thought of withdrawing from the folds of her delicious
cunt, but lay still enjoying the never ceasing compressions of its
velvety folds, which sometimes really had almost the force of a vice. I
was rapidly ready for a second bout, which, like the first, ended in
extatic joys, beyond the power of description. My charming mistress
thought I ought now to desist, but pleading my forty hours’ fast (for,
of course, she knew nothing of my fucking Mary), I begged her to allow
me to run one more course.

“Then, my darling Charlie, you must let me turn on my side, for I am so
heated with your weight and my husband’s that I must have some relief,
but there is no occasion for you to withdraw, leave me to manage it.”

With an art quite her own, she accomplished her object, her splendid
buttocks’ pressing before my eyes against my belly fired me immediately.
My cock swelled and stood firm as ever. Then passing an arm round her
body, I used my fingers on her excited and stiffly projecting clitoris.
We had a much longer and more voluptuous fuck than before; nothing could
exceed the delicious movements of my divine mistress; she twisted her
body so, that I could suck one of her bubbies, while I fucked and
frigged her; she spent with such a scream of delight that I am sure she
must have been heard in the house, had it not been for the inner baize
door to the room. She continued throbbing so deliciously on my prick
that I began to flatter myself I should obtain a fourth favour, but she
suddenly bolted out of my arms and out of bed. Turning round, and taking
my whole prick into her mouth, and giving it a voluptuous suck, she
said—

“No, my loved boy, we must be prudent if we mean to have a repetition of
these most exquisite interviews. You have given me most extatic
pleasure, and by moderation, and running no risk in too long indulgence
of our passions, we may safely manage to enjoy similar interviews every
day. Get into the dressing room, remain there until I leave my room and
pass your door. After I have seen that no one is near, I will cough
twice, wait a minute longer, then quietly leave and descend by the back
stairs.”

All was happily effected, and for the week longer they remained with us,
I found means to repeat the charming lesson every day, without raising
suspicion in anyone’s mind.

At last this admirable woman departed. It was with difficulty I could
bear the scene, but I gulphed down my feelings as best I could. She had
become a universal favourite, and all regretted her leaving, so that my
distress was not noticed in the general regret. It was more than two
years before fortune favoured me in again meeting with this charming
woman. And then we saw very much of each other, both alone and with
other congenial spirits, of which, perhaps, I may hereafter write a
detail; but at present I have got events to relate that followed fast on
her departure.

I have said that Miss Evelyn had been gradually growing more familiar in
her manner of partially caressing me. She drew me closer to her, almost
invariably placing her arm round my waist, frequently kissing and
pressing me against her firm and well-formed bosom. This had frequently
an evident effect on my lower person, even while I was kept less
excitable by the constant relief my passions were obtaining in the arms
of my adored Mrs. B. Now I no longer had that vent, for the little
relief I could get at rare intervals from my sister Mary was as nothing,
after the constant exercise I had been provided with for a whole month.
Ever since I had practised that little deception on Miss Evelyn by
attributing to her embraces the evident distraction I was in on the day
of Mr. Benson’s return, she had increased her pressures of my person,
and could not but feel my stiff prick throbbing against her thigh, while
she closely pressed my body against it with her arm. I often noted the
increased sparkle of her eyes and changes of colour on her face when she
kissed me, and I put up my hand and caressed her cheek. At times she
would push me suddenly away, and beg me to resume my seat; frequently
she would quit the room in an agitated manner, till this led me to
suppose that an internal conflict was going on, and that passion urged
one course, reason another. Remembering the sage advice given to me by
my loved and beautiful mistress, Mrs. B., I resolved to play the part of
an innocent ignoramus, and let her own passions develop and produce the
result I so longed for. I doubt if I could have held out but for the
relief I found in dear Mary’s embraces, who, each time we could manage
to meet, became more and more attractive, and more capable of giving and
receiving pleasure. We had some difficulty in keeping Eliza blind to our
doings. At last Mary agreed to initiate her into gamahuching, and to
tell her I did so to her when we shut ourselves up together, and that if
she would keep the secret, I would do the same to her; but that it was
necessary that one should keep watch while the other amused herself with
me, for fear Miss Evelyn should chance to come. Mary proceeded to
gamahuche her, which delighted Eliza beyond measure; indeed, although a
year and a half younger, she speedily showed a developement of passion
superior to Mary. At first I only gamahuched her, letting her play with
my prick as I did so, but not attempting to instruct her in the art of
insertion into her charming little quim, which already showed symptoms
of a hairy growth on her well-formed and very prominent mount. When I
had done enough in this way, Mary, who had previously been fucked by me,
returned, and Eliza took up the watch, while I appeased in Mary’s
deliciously tight cunt the thirst that gamahuching Eliza had raised.

It was thus I could more coolly await the gradual approximation that
Miss Evelyn’s evident passion for me was bringing about. That she
struggled against it was evident, but passion was gaining the advantage,
as was shown by her nervous tremblings and sudden clutches, drawing me
up to her parched lips, and sometimes pushing me away with a shudder
that shook her frame and paled her lovely cheeks. I fancied that nature
had been too much for her on these occasions, and that in reality the
sudden clutching was the approach of love’s crisis, and that when she
shuddered, and suddenly repulsed me, she was discharging. It was evident
this could not continue. At last the happy day for which I so longed
arrived. Mamma was going to go to the town, and taking my two sisters
with her, to get something or other for them. She invited Miss Evelyn to
accompany her, but the latter declined, on the excuse of an alleged
headache. In truth, the violent nature of the conflict going on between
her passions and her prudence had visibly affected her health; she had
become pale and anxious-looking, and my mother was somewhat uneasy about
her. She told her not to occupy herself too much with my lessons that
day, and only give me work for an hour in the morning and an hour in the
afternoon, and begged her to take a quiet stroll in the garden, and rest
as much as possible.

On leaving us, she cautioned me to be as gentle and obedient as
possible, as Miss Evelyn was poorly and out of spirits. Mamma and the
girls departed. Miss Evelyn, almost as pale as death, and quite visibly
trembling, falteringly begged me to go to our schoolroom and study the
lesson she had given me the previous evening, saying she would join me
shortly. I went, but no lesson could I do that day. The evident
agitation and apparent illness of Miss Evelyn distressed if not alarmed
me; I was still too inexperienced in her mind. It was a phase of woman’s
nature which I had as yet no knowledge of. I had merely a vague kind of
idea that it all tended to the ultimate gratification of my libidinous
hopes, and I only held off to a certain extent in obedience to the
counsel my loved Mrs. Benson had so wisely impressed upon me, and was
waiting in lively hopes of the result I so ardently wished for.

At last Miss Evelyn joined me, her eyes were swollen and red as if she
had been weeping; my own filled with tears when I saw her, and I
approached, hesitatingly, and said—

“Oh, my dear governess, I am so grieved to see you look so poorly. Oh,
do nothing today, and I promise to work twice as hard tomorrow.”

At the moment I really felt quite distressed at the sad expression of
her features. For an instant she smiled languidly, then, by some
compulsion of feeling, she seized me in both arms and drawing me to her
bosom, covered me with kisses; her eyes became almost perfectly
brilliant.

“Oh, you dear, dear, darling boy, I love you beyond expression. Kiss,
oh, kiss me! my darling! and comfort me, because I love you all too
well.”

Then, again, there was a change, she seemed to fear she had said too
much, and turned away her head and tears started to her eyes, but her
arms did not relax the embrace in which she held me. I was deeply moved
at her evident agitation. I thought she was really ill, and suffering
greatly; so I threw my arms round her neck, kissing her tenderly, and
weeping myself, tried to comfort her in my inexperienced way, sobbing
out—

“Oh, dear, dear Miss Evelyn, do be comforted, I so dearly love you that
it makes my heart bleed to see you so unhappy. Oh, let me see you smile,
and do try not to cry so. Why are you so unhappy and low spirited? Oh,
that I could do anything to make you happy?” And redoubling my
endearments, she again turned her lovely face to me. Again there was the
unnatural fire in her eyes, and a hectic glow flushed her cheek.

“You darling angel of a boy; it is you that makes me so unhappy.”

I started back in surprise.

“I make _you_ unhappy! Oh! Miss Evelyn, how can that be, when I adore
the very ground you stand on, and love (_sobbing_)—love (_sob_)—love you
more than anything in the world.”

She seized my head in her two hands, glued her lips to mine, gave me a
long, long kiss of love; then, pressing me to her bosom—

“Oh, say that again, my loved, my darling boy; it is the love I feel for
you that is breaking my heart, but I can resist it no longer. Will my
Charlie love his Evelyn always as he does now?”

“Oh, how could I do otherwise? I have worshipped you from the first
moment of your arrival, and have had no other idea. What can I do to
prove it—try, oh, try me. I have never breathed a syllable of my love
for you, even to yourself, let alone other people.”

Her eyes, sparkling with passion, were searching the depths of mine, as
if to fathom my thoughts. I, too, began to feel my amorous passions
excited by her warm embraces and kisses. She held me tight to her body,
and could not help feeling the hard substance that jutted out against
her.

“I believe you, my Charlie, and will trust you with my life—with more,
with my honour! I can no longer resist my fate. But, oh! Charlie, love
me always, for I run a fearful risk in loving you as I do.”

She again drew me to her lips, my hands clasped her neck in a close
embrace. Her hands wandered—pressed upon my throbbing prick. With
trembling and hasty fingers she unbuttoned, or rather tore open, my
trousers, and her soft fingers clasped my naked instrument.

“Oh, I shall die, dear Miss Evelyn; what must I do to make you happy?”

My apparent ignorance could not but please her. She sank back on the
long low chair on which she was seated, apparently accidentally drawing
up her petticoats with her hand in falling back. I threw myself on my
knees, and pushing her petticoats further up disclosed the rich, dark,
curly beauty of her mount. She covered her burning face with her hand,
while, pressing my head forward, I began pressing her beauteous cunt,
sucking it without daring to lick her clitoris. She tried to push me
away—“No! no! I must not.”

But I suppose my proceedings fired her passions still more, for she was
quite moist and juicy, and I have no doubt had already had one discharge
while embracing me so warmly. She suddenly said—

“Come then, my loved boy, and I will be all in all to you.”

Drawing me up—nothing loath—I was soon extended on her belly, with my
stiff-standing cock pressing against her cunt. I had still the prudence
not to show any knowledge of the act. I sighed deeply—

“Oh! my loved Miss Evelyn, do help me, I know not what to do.”

Her hand glided down between us, she guided my glowing instrument
between the longing lips of her delicious cunt. I pushed, and buried the
head and two inches of its body at the first thrust. The second brought
it against an unexpected obstacle, for it never had struck me that Miss
Evelyn was a virgin. I pushed hard at it.

“Oh, Charlie, love, be gentle, you are hurting me very much.”

Knowing that the best way would be to excite her by short shoves,
without at first trying to go further, I did so, and she began to feel
all the raging desires that so formidable a prick as mine must excite,
when moving between the soft velvety folds of her tight and juicy quim.
I held myself in, and continued my proceedings until the convulsive
movements of her loins, and the increased pressure of the folds of her
cunt, showed me that the crisis was approaching, and she was about to
spend. She hugged me close in her arms, and at the moment of spending
involuntarily heaved up her bottom. This was the very moment I was with
difficulty waiting for. I retired a little and plunged forward with
irresistible force. I burst my way through every barrier, up to the very
roots of my prick. The attack was as painful as unexpected. Miss Evelyn
gave a shriek of agony and swooned away. I at once improved the
opportunity, and thrusting in and out with the utmost vigour, broke down
every obstacle, and enlarged the opening by side movements as much as
possible, while she was insensible to the pain. I then died away myself
in an agony of delight. I lay soaking within the delicious sheath until
her convulsive shudders and short sobs showed that my now fully
deflowered mistress was recovering her senses. The thought of the
unexpected victory I had won had already begun to make my cock stand
again, although it was still comparatively soft. I could feel an
involuntary pressure on it, as she came to a full consciousness of our
position. She threw her arms round my neck, gave me a most impassioned
kiss, and then sobbed and cried as if her heart would break.

It is a curious idiosyncracy of my nature to be most libidinously
excited by a woman’s tears, and although I really suffered to see her in
such grief, it stiffened my prick to its utmost dimensions. I tried to
comfort her with words, but she sobbed, sobbed on. I suddenly thought
that a renewal of action might bring about a revulsion of feeling, and
began vigorous movements. She sighed deeply, but I could tell by the
nervous twitchings of her loins that her passions were being excited.
They soon decided the contest. She threw her arms round my waist, and
pressed me to her, devouring my mouth with her kisses. Nature prompted
her movements, and in a very few minutes we both poured down a plenteous
offering on Venus’s altar. She shook and trembled as she felt the warm
gush within her, and squeezed me with all her might to her bosom. We lay
in a trance for some ten minutes, my charming governess fainting with
love, and giving my delighted prick the most luscious pressure, which
speedily fired him to new efforts. Miss Evelyn herself was most
amorously excited, and we again dashed on love’s delicious path—to end,
as usual, in the death-like swoon of satiated passion. When we came to
our senses, my loved mistress, embracing me tenderly, and throwing her
eyes up to heaven, said—

“Oh, my dear darling boy, you made me suffer horribly at first, but I
have been in heaven since. Oh, how I love and adore you. But we must
rise, my Charlie, we may be discovered. We have, in fact, run great
risk, as the door has not been fastened.”

I rose, and withdrew my prick from her reeking quim, which seemed by its
close pressure to let me go with regret. I found it was all bloody.

“Stop, Charles, let me wipe it with my handkerchief, lest it stain your
shirt.”

She did so, and folding it up and placing it in her bosom, said—

“I shall keep this precious relic as a memorial of the sacrifice I have
made to you, my loved boy. Ah! Charlie, you cannot yet understand the
value of that sacrifice and the risk of ruin I have run for your sake. I
love you as I never loved anyone before, or can ever love again. My
honour and happiness are now in your hands, and it is on your discretion
they rest. Be careful never to exhibit any liberty of conduct towards me
or to mention to anyone what has occurred.”

It may readily be imagined I gave her every assurance on that head, and
told her I loved her too dearly, and was too grateful for the extatic
happiness she had taught me how to enjoy, for any chance of betrayal to
take place through my indiscretion. She embraced me tenderly, told me to
go straight to the garden, that she must seek some repose after all that
had happened, and we should meet again at midday meal.

I did as desired, full of sweet thoughts at the exquisite delights she
had afforded me, and already longing for the afternoon school hour to
renew the enrapturing union of our souls and bodies. Miss Evelyn did not
come down to her luncheon, but had something sent up to her room.
However, she joined me in the schoolroom at two o’clock, as usual. She
was very pale, but embraced me tenderly, and was very endearing. Of
course, I immediately became excited, and very enterprising, but she
gently repulsed me, and requested that I would leave her quiet that day,
as she felt not only exhausted, but in pain, and would be all the better
for perfect repose. I begged hard to be allowed some slight favours, if
not all, but she was inexorable. Finding that I could neither do any
lessons nor be quiet, she said—

“Then we must go into the garden, I think the fresh air and a gentle
walk will do me good.”

It instantly occurred to me that if I could draw her away to the summer
house, I should have a better chance of succeeding in again enjoying her
delicious embraces. Accordingly, when she went up to her room to put on
her bonnet and shawl, I possessed myself of the key, to be prepared for
my chance of success.

We walked about the flower garden for a time, Miss Evelyn taking my arm,
and most lovingly conversing with me. She walked somewhat stiffly. We
sat down for a rest, shortly she felt the heat of the sun too great, so
I proposed a walk in the shaded shrubbery. I kept prattling on, so as
not to let her see how far I was leading her away, she appeared
surprised that we had got so far, when we came in sight of the summer
house.

“Oh! Charlie, my dear, I am afraid it will fatigue me too much to walk
all the way back without rest and we have not the key.”

“Sometimes it is left in the door, I will run and see.” Off I bounded,
slipped the key in the lock, and ran back to say it was there, she
followed me in, and sank on the long backless sofa, which had already
served me so often. I begged her to extend herself at length. I placed
pillows for her head, and drew a chair for myself near her. She did not
appear to have any suspicion of any act on my part, but lay down on her
side. She took my hand in hers, and we began a conversation, very
interesting, in as much as it was how we should regulate our conduct, so
as not to raise any suspicion of our amorous connection, and also of how
we should manage to meet from time to time.

“You, dear boy,” she said, “I cannot now live without the comfort of
your embraces, but you must remember, in my dependent position,
discovery would be my ruin. I rely on your silence and discretion, and
if I am as dear to you as you, my adored Charlie, are to me, I may
safely trust to you.” I threw my arms round her neck, and told her I
loved her all too dearly, and longed too much to return to her endearing
and delicious embraces, for her to have any fear of my committing either
her or myself. She fondly embraced and kissed me. I became fired with
passion. My hand wandered, her position only enabled her to make a
feeble resistance, I reached her beauteously covered mount, she murmured
supplications to be left alone, and held her thighs close together.

She was not aware of my knowledge of the parts, so inserting my finger
into the upper part of the lips, I reached her clitoris, and began
rubbing in and out, purposely, in an awkward way, but taking care to hit
the right point.

“Charlie, my Charlie, you must not do that—I—I cannot bear it.”

At the same time she threw her arm round my neck and drew me to her
lips, which glued themselves to mine. I felt her thighs yield and open.
I immediately improved the occasion, and began frigging her with my
middle finger up her quim. Her passions became inflamed.

“Come then, my darling boy, to my arms, I cannot resist you longer.”

In an instant I was unbuttoned and had my trousers down, and was between
her legs almost before she had concluded her sentence. The excitement of
my caresses had moistened her juicy cunt, and the head of my prick
entered without any difficulty. In my ardour I was about to rush on with
a vigorous shove, when she implored me to be more gentle, as she still
smarted from our morning encounter. Moderating my movements, and gently
insinuating my stiff instrument, I gradually made my way up to its
utmost limits, and hardly occasioned even a grimace of pain. Here I
stopped, leaving it sheathed up to the root, and making it throb from
instant to instant. Then seeking my loved Miss Evelyn’s mouth, our lips
and tongues met. Her arms round my waist became tighter in their
embrace. The delicious folds of her luscious juicy quim began to throb
and press on my excited member. Allowing her to become thoroughly
excited, I waited until she actually quite unexpectedly yielded down her
nature, and spent profusely, to the exquisite pleasure of my saturated
organ. I still held all off, to give her time after the delight of that
spend, which was probably the first of unalloyed extatic pleasure she
enjoyed; for as I was an inactive participator, there was nothing to
cause any action on the still raw edges of her broken maidenhead. Her
internal pressures were most exquisite. Our embraces with tongues and
lips were like the billing and cooing of doves, and very rapidly brought
her again to a raging point of desire. I then began with slow and gentle
movements, drawing my prick slowly nearly all the way out, and then as
slowly driving it up to the hilt. Her previous very copious discharge
had so oiled the delicious folds of her cunt, that no pain was felt,
only the intense pleasure. At last it became overpowering; her arms were
thrown round my waist, and her legs were involuntary cast over my hips.
Nature prompted her to the most delicious movements of her bottom; she
met my forward thrusts, and responded to them in the most libidinous
manner.

“Go on, go on, dear Charlie—faster!—faster!”

I wanted no spur. Fast and furious grew our movements, until at last,
with a mutual cry of delight, we sank in each other’s arms in the
blissful extasy of the most complete enjoyment. It was several minutes
before we regained our senses, and both our organs of generation were
pulsating, the one within the other, in all the luxury of satiated
passion. With her beauteous legs still thrown over mine, she moved her
arms to my neck, kissed me voluptuously, and mingled the sweetest
accents of gratification with the most endearing caresses and
flatteries. I lay, as it were, in the paphian bower of bliss, in a state
of exquisite sensations quite impossible to describe. It seemed even a
greater pleasure than the more active state of delight we had been to. I
could have lain so for hours, but for that excitable prick of mine,
whose sensibilities were far too rapidly set in motion by the luscious
pressures of that most delightful cunt in which it lay engulphed. It had
gradually resumed its pristine firmness, and was now at full stand,
throbbing impatiently for further combats. I began to move. Miss Evelyn
said—

“Oh, my Charlie, you must cease, my dear boy; we must not only be
prudent, but consider your youth and health. Do, oh! do! my dear boy.
Oh!—pray cease.”

Her words were cut short by the increasing passion that the vigorous
movements of my prick occasioned to her whole system. She could resist
no longer, but with arms and legs closely embracing me, and devouring me
with kisses, she threw herself into the fight, and with body and soul so
seconded me that we died away in screams of delight, and sank quite
insensible in each other’s arms.

It was many minutes before we recovered speech. I still lay entirely
embedded in her most exquisite cunt, and would have liked to have
continued in her delicious embrace. But Miss Evelyn so imploringly
beseeched me to cease for this time, and pointed out how necessary
prudency was, if we ever wished to meet again, that I felt compelled to
raise myself from her body. But, in doing so, I slid off downwards, and
before she could prevent me, I glued my lips to the open pouters below
me, and greedily devoured all her delicious discharge, and did not
desist until I had so licked her clitoris as to make her spend most
copiously again. At first she had tried to resist, saying—

“Charlie, what on earth are you at? You must not, my dear boy, it is
dreadful.”

But, as I roused her passions, her hand, instead of trying to draw away
my head, held it firm and pushed it well against her throbbing and
delicious quim, her thighs closed against the sides of my head, and she
almost swooned away with the extasy of her discharge. I greedily
swallowed it and rising completely, took her in my arms, and placing her
on her bottom, sweetly kissed her.

“Oh, what a charming creature you are, my beloved Miss Evelyn, I adore
you from the sole of your feet to the crown of your head.”

“But you, my beloved Charlie, have more than justified my imprudence.
You have given me a joy which I could never have dreamt of. I am yours,
body and soul; do with me as you like. I, too, adore the very ground you
tread on.”

We continued exchanging the sweetest vows of affection, until, seeing my
prick rising to its usual stiffness, she said—

“Oh, my darling, you must put this away; it would be most imprudent to
continue any longer. Now, let me button it up.”

First stooping and kissing it, she put it into my trousers with some
difficulty, buttoned me up, and we strolled towards the house.

Our conversation turned on our chance of fresh encounters. She begged I
would not think of attempting anything of the kind next day, and she
would try and arrange for the day after, although my sisters were
terribly in the way.

I suggested she should keep me in as when she flogged me, nay, indeed,
she should flog me in reality if she liked.

She laughed at my idea, but said something might be done in that way as
a blind. So I said—

“I will neglect my lesson on purpose to furnish an excuse.”

“We shall see—we shall see. Meanwhile, remember to be very prudent.”

We reached the house; she retired to her room until mamma returned. Very
kind inquiries were made, she said she had suffered severely from
headache, but, on the whole, felt better and hoped that a good night’s
rest would put her all to rights. We all retired early, both mamma and
the girls were tired with their drive and shopping. I had resumed my bed
in the little dressing room, and went to sleep with thoughts of my
delicious day’s doings, to dream of re-enacting them with every amorous
excess that the utmost lubricity could suggest.

The next day Miss Evelyn began to resume her former looks—the struggle
was at an end. She was very gentle in her manner, and seemed even more
affectionate than usual to my sisters, who, fancying she was not very
well, were attentive, rather trying to anticipate her wishes than
following them.

There was rather a greater appearance of reserve than previously in her
manner to me, but when I went up to her to repeat my lessons, there was
a warmer clasping of my waist and a suppressed manner that showed she
was restraining her desire to press me to her bosom. Her face slightly
flushed, and she turned her beautiful eyes upon me with such an
endearing expression of affection that I could have thrown myself into
her arms but for the check upon my ardour which her own reserve imposed
upon me.

Nothing more took place between us that day. At our usual hour of
recreation, from four till five, Miss Evelyn retired to her room to
repose after the efforts of restraint that she had put upon herself all
day, and left us to ourselves. I need not say an immediate resort to the
summer house followed. There, first deliciously fucking Mary, and then
gamahuching Eliza, with the addition of gently introducing, at the same
time, a finger a short distance up her quim, I finished off with another
voluptuous fuck with Mary. I thus was enabled to bear the bridle Miss
Evelyn put upon the indulgence of my appetite in her person, and was
apparently more reasonable than in reality. She again, on the second
day, failed to give me the opportunity I so longed for. Thinking she
might hesitate, from fear of discovery, and the fact of having no
apparently reasonable excuse of being alone with me, I determined to
play the idler next day in the afternoon. On being called up, I had done
nothing. Miss Evelyn looked grave, but blushed deeply at the same time.

“What do you mean, Charlie, by this idleness? Go, do your lesson, or I
shall be obliged to punish you.”

She took me by the arm, and gently pressed it as she told me to resume
my seat. At four o’clock, of course, my lesson was as far as before from
being done.

“Mary and Eliza, you can go into the garden. Charles will remain until
he finishes his lesson, or is punished for his idleness.”

They left and Miss Evelyn locked the door after them. Then we flew into
each other’s arms, and indulged in the most endearing caresses for a
very few seconds. I had been in a state of most violent erection for
some time, so that my hand was up her petticoats immediately. I gently
pushed her back on her low long easy chair, and kneeling in front, first
thrust my head between her thighs, and taking a glance at her
beautifully haired cunt, already all moist and juicy, showing that she
was as ready as myself, I gamahuched her until she spent in my mouth,
and sucked the delicious liquid most greedily. There was something
peculiarly sweet in her spend, and my tongue sought the innermost lining
of her delicious quim as far as its limited length would admit, that I
might not lose a drop of her exquisite nectar, worthy of the gods. The
excitement I occasioned her was almost too much for her to bear, she
drew me up, saying—

“Oh! Charlie, my angel of a boy, come, oh, come to my arms.” I raised
myself up, threw myself into her arms, and in a moment I was engulphed
up to the cods in her exquisite and throbbing cunt; she closed upon me
with arms and legs, we were both too violently excited to pause for any
of the more voluptuous movements of less violent desires, but rushed on
in passion’s wildest extasy, both far too eager to think of any
restraint, and with the utmost vigour on both our parts, we ran our
first course with great rapidity. My adored Miss Evelyn had quite got
over every feeling of pain, and could not but be delighted with the heat
and vigour of my attack. We both died away together, at the extatic
moment pouring down a mutual flood of spunk to cool the inflamed members
that had the instant before been in such tumultuous action. Darling Miss
Evelyn hugged me close to her bosom, and threw her beautiful eyes,
screaming with passion, up to the ceiling, as if to thank heaven for the
joys she had felt. Our lips then met and glued themselves together in
one long, long kiss of love, which quickly lighted up our lust; she was
as eager as myself, and we had another vigorous encounter, ending in all
the agonies of delight, as before. Then after a longer interval of the
most endearing caresses and fond accents of murmured love, we ran our
third course, with more abandon—lengthening out our exquisite
sensations, by slower and quicker movements and pauses between—in which
my beautiful governess began to develop an art in which she shortly
became even superior to the more experienced Mrs. Benson, who had so
charmingly initiated me into love’s mysteries.

There was a peculiar charming and endearing softness in the manner of
Miss Evelyn most winning and most exquisitely attractive. It was
evidenced even in her mode of handling my prick; without grasping it,
her hand appeared to pass over it hardly touching it, but in so exciting
a manner that after any number of encounters, she could raise it by her
fairy touch in a moment. Our third encounter lasted quite half an hour,
and we sank in the death-like luxury of discharge, our whole souls
seemed to exude with the exquisite distillation of our seed. We had long
before regained our senses. I was still engulphed in her delicious cunt,
but she begged me to relieve her of my weight. We rose, she shook her
petticoats down, and assisted me to arrange my trousers. I then sat down
and took her on my knee. Our lips met in a mutual warm kiss of gratified
passion. She thanked me for the joys of paradise I had given her—and for
my discretion in procuring an excuse for our meeting. She acknowledged
that she had been as impatient as myself, but was obliged to take every
precaution against raising the slightest suspicion in the house.

“You must always remember, my darling boy, that for me discovery would
be my ruin for ever. I risk everything to possess you, my beloved boy, I
would care little for discovery, if it would not also separate us for
ever. That idea, my adored Charlie, is insupportable, I can no longer
exist without you.” Here she threw her arms round my neck, and burst
into tears.

I have already described the effect of tears on my unruly member, which,
while I was consoling and vowing eternal attachment to my loved
mistress, burst from its bonds and stood out in all its glory. I took
her soft and beautiful little hand, and laid it on it. She grasped it
tightly, and looking at it, while smiling through her tears, said—

“My Charlie, what a great big thing it is. I wonder how it could ever
get into me, without killing me.”

“You shall soon see that,” said I, and changing places, I laid her down,
lifted her petticoats and was into her in a moment. She begged me to
proceed slowly, and to lengthen out our pleasures as much as possible.
We had a most glorious and truly delicious fuck; my lovely and charming
mistress giving me most extatic pleasure by the exquisite pressures of
the internal folds of her delicious and lascivious cunt.

We lay enraptured for long after we had spent, and then resumed our
sitting position, and arranged everything in order, as the time for the
return of my sisters from their hour of recreation was close at hand.

Our conversation naturally turned upon how we should arrange for our
next meeting. Miss Evelyn insisted that we must not think of meeting
more than once in three or four days, as otherwise we might raise
suspicions fatal to our meeting at all. However reasonable this was, I
raised an outcry against such a tantalizing delay, and begged hard for a
shorter period between our intervals.

“It cannot be my darling boy, remember discovery would separate us for
ever. By prudence, we may long continue these delicious meetings.” I
suddenly suggested that as I slept alone in the little room, which, when
the spare room was unoccupied, was far away from everyone, she might
steal along at night, when all were asleep, and thus I could enjoy the
whole of her exquisite charms, without hindrance. She did not reply, but
I could see her eye sparkled, and her cheek flushed as if already in
imagination she was revelling untrammelled in all the luxury of
voluptuousness such a plan opened out. However, she did not at once
accept, but kissing me fondly, called me her dear and ingenious boy, and
said she would think over my suggestion. We resumed our lessons on my
sisters’ return. Miss Evelyn was again four days before she gave me
another opportunity of an amorous meeting. It was only my purposed
insubordination that obtained me this interview. We again indulged in
all the luxuries of carnal enjoyment, as far as could be done,
incommoded as we both were by dress and locality. Reverting more
strongly than ever to my plan of meeting in my lonely room, I begged so
hard that at last she promised to come the night of the following day. I
was obliged to put up with this, although I would fain have had her come
that very night, but as her passions were evidently gaining stronger
possession of her, and she was becoming more loving, and more voluptuous
than ever, I felt certain she would not disappoint me on the next night.
The delicious idea of revelling in charms I had so often furtively gazed
on, kept me away from my sisters next day. Under a plea of headache I
went early to bed, and took up some oil, to oil the hinges and lock of
the door, to be prepared for my loved mistress. I lay long awake, and
was almost in despair of her coming, when I heard the clock strike
twelve. All at once I became aware she was at my bedside. She had
entered the room with so gentle a step that though on the watch for her,
I did not hear her even when she opened the door, shut, and locked it.
She had come in her dark-grey cloak, and when at my bedside this was
dropped on the floor, she stood in nothing but a very fine and thin
chemise. She flung herself in my arms, as I rose to embrace her, and we
instantly sank closely clasped in each other’s arms. I was far too
sharply set to practise any preliminaries. I turned her on her back, and
was into her in a moment, with one vigorous thrust, which almost took
away her breath, and gave her intense delight. I was too quick for her,
however, as I spent in two or three shoves into that delight-giving
cunt. But as this hardly allayed the fires of my too ardent desires, the
convulsive internal movements of her unsatisfied orbit quickly restored
my scarcely reduced member to a renewed vigour. Miss Evelyn being
greatly excited by the unsatisfying nature of my first bout, was
extremely warm, and throwing her arms and legs around my body, we again
rushed headlong into all the fury of fucking, and as my previous
spendings had somewhat reduced the power of immediate discharge, I was
able to suit my movements exactly to those of my most active companion,
and we sank together in all the voluptuousness of satisfied desires,
lying long locked in each other’s arms, before we were again in a state
to renew our combats in love’s delicious domain. We spent the interval
in whispered vows and fond endearments and embracings of each other’s
naked charms, both of us admiringly passing our hands over every part of
our bodies.

Miss Evelyn at last concentrated all her attention on my well-developed
member, which she most endearingly embraced and fondled tenderly, very
quickly putting him into an ungovernable state of erection. I was lying
on my back, and she partially raised herself to kiss my formidable
weapon; so gently putting her upon me, I told her it was her turn to do
the work. She laughed, but at once mounted upon me, and bringing her
delicious cunt right over my prick, and guiding it to the entrance of
love’s grotto, she gently sank down upon it and engulphed it until the
two hairs pressed against each other. A few slow up and down movements
followed, when becoming too libidinous for such temporizing delays, she
sank on my belly, and began to show most wonderful activity of loins and
bottom. I seconded her to the utmost, and finding she was so excited, I
slipped my hand round behind and introduced my middle finger in the rosy
and very tight orifice of her glorious backside. I continued to move in
and out in unison with her up and down heavings. It seemed to spur her
on to more vigorous actions, and in the midst of short gaspings and
suppressed sighs, she sank almost senseless on my bosom. I, too, had
quickened my action, and shot into her gaping womb a torrent of boiling
sperm.

We lay entranced in the raptures of satiated desire for a long time. At
last she came to her senses, and fondly kissing me, turned off, and we
lay side by side closely embraced.

“Oh! my beloved Charlie, what exquisite delight you have given me; you
are the most delicious and loving creature that ever could be created.
You kill me with pleasure, but what was that you were doing to my
bottom? What put such an idea into your head?”

“I don’t know,” I replied. “I put my arm round to feel the beautiful
globes of your bottom, and found in grasping one that my finger was
against a hole, all wet with our previous encounters, and pressing it,
found that my finger slipped in; you gave it such a delicious pressure
when in that the idea entered into my head that, as it resembled the
delicious pressure your enchanting other orifice gives my shaft when
embracing you, this orifice would like a similar movement to that which
my shaft exercised in your quim. So I did so, and it seemed to add to
your excitement, if I may judge by the extraordinary convulsive
pressures you gave my finger when you died away in all the agony of our
final rapture. Tell me, my beloved Miss Evelyn, did it add to your
pleasure as much as I fancied?”

“Well, my darling Charlie, I must own it did, very much to my surprise;
it seemed to make the final pleasure almost too exciting to bear, and I
can only account it a happy accident leading to an increase to pleasure
I already thought beyond the power of nature to surpass. Naughty boy, I
feel your great instrument at full stretch again, but you must moderate
yourself, my darling, we have done enough for tonight. No, no, no! I am
not going to let him in again.”

Passing her hand down, she turned away its head from the charming
entrance of her cunt, and began handling and feeling it in apparent
admiration of its length, thickness, and stiffness. Her gentle touch did
anything but allay the passion that was rising to fever heat; so sucking
one of her bubbies, while I pressed her to me with one arm under her,
and embracing her on the other side, I passed my hand between our moist
and warm bodies, reached her charming clitoris, already stiff with the
excitement of handling my prick. My titillations soon decided her
passions, and gently prompting her with the arm under her body, I turned
her once more on the top of me. She murmured an objection, but offered
no resistance; on the contrary, she herself guided my throbbing and
eager prick into the voluptuous sheath that was longing to engulph it.
Our movements this time were less hurried and more voluptuous. For some
time she kept her body upright, rising and falling from her knees. I put
my finger to her clitoris, and added to the extatic pleasure she was so
salaciously enjoying. She soon found she must come to more rapid and
vigorous movements, and lying down on my belly embraced and kissed me.
Toying with our tongues I put an arm round her waist, and held her
tight, while her glorious buttocks and most supple loins kept up the
most delicious thrust and pressures on my thoroughly engulphed weapon. I
again stimulated her to the highest pitch of excited desires by
introducing my finger behind, and we both came to the grand crisis in a
tumultuous state of enraptured agony, unable to do ought, but from
moment to moment convulsively throb in and on our engulphed members. We
must have lain thus languidly, and deliciously enjoying all the raptures
of the most complete and voluptuous gratification of our passions, for
fully thirty minutes before we recovered complete consciousness. Miss
Evelyn was first to remember where she was. She sprang up, embraced me
tenderly, and said she must leave me at once, she was afraid she had
already stayed imprudently long. In fact, it was near five o’clock in
the morning. I rose from the bed to fling my arms round her lovely body,
to fondle and embrace her exquisite bubbies. With difficulty she tore
herself from my arms. I accompanied her to the door, and with a mutual
and loving kiss we parted. I to return and rapidly sink into the
sweetest slumber after such a delicious night of most voluptuous
fucking.

She came again three times in the next six nights; each time we renewed
our mutual joys, with ever increasing voluptuous indulgencies. On coming
to me for the fifth time, she said—

“Dear Charlie, I have only come to kiss you, and say I cannot stop.”

“Cannot stop!” I cried, “and why not, beloved Miss Evelyn?”

“I am not well, but cannot explain more.”

I had sprung out of bed, and clasped her in my arms, then passing a hand
down to her beauteous and well-covered mons Veneris, I found that she
was tied up there in cloth. I immediately remembered how my loved Mrs.
Benson had been exactly in the same way. I then also remarked the
peculiar odour of breath, but pretending ignorance, I begged to know
what had happened to my darling little grotto.

“I cannot tell you more, my dear boy, but it will keep me away from you
for four or five nights.”

“But why should that be the case; cannot you let me enter that delicious
cave of delight only once?”

“No, no, impossible! my dear Charlie, absolutely impossible! It would do
me very great harm, and you too. Let us be quiet in that way, and I
shall be the sooner well again to come and embrace you as before.”

“Oh! but darling, how can I support five nights’ absence, I shall go mad
with desire and burst—feel how he grows, and is longing for his loved
companion.”

Her soft and gentle hand caressed it. I thought to succeed by a _coup de
main_, but she was too quick for me.

“No, Charles, I am serious, and you must not try to force me, or I shall
never come near you again.”

I saw she was in earnest, and flung myself on the bed in a pet.

“Come, my darling Charlie, be reasonable, and I will do my best to give
you some satisfaction. Lay yourself on your back—so. I will kneel on the
floor at right angles to you, because you must not attempt to touch me
down there. That is a dear boy.”

So taking my prick in her soft hand, she gently moved it up and down;
then, suddenly stopping, took it into her mouth, sucking as much as she
could get in, and titillating the knob with her tongue, while one hand
frigged at the root of my prick and the other gently handled my two
crisped-up cods. She prolonged the pleasure by occasional pauses, and at
last, on finding the electric-like sensations coming, she hastened her
movement, and I poured a torrent of sperm into her mouth. She continued
her delicious sucking until not a drop more was left for her to swallow.
This was the first time she ever gamahuched me, but it was not the last
by scores of times. Ever after we improved upon the model, and added
other endearments. When not under her courses, we mutually gamahuched
each other, and she was the first to repeat upon me, with the intensest
gratification, the delicious introduction of a finger behind while
gamahuching me. At present, when she had thus taken the edge off my
carnal appetite, she lovingly embraced me, and left me to my lovely
slumbers. Of course, the four days’ grace, saving two more passing
visits “to keep me cool,” as she said, turned all to the advantage of my
sisters, whom I fucked and frigged to their utmost gratification and
delight.

I thus passed about four months. Miss Evelyn becoming a perfect adept in
love’s delicious mysteries; but, although I had attempted to enjoy the
orifice of the lower temple of Venus, my member was too large, and gave
too much pain, to completely succeed, so that I became the faithful
worshipper at the more legitimate altar of love. My sisters were
gradually developing their forms. Mary particularly so. The hair on her
quim had increased to a most charming curling profusion. Her hips spread
out, and her bottom, hard and prominent, promised to be very large.
Eliza, too, began to show increased bubbies, and an enlarged and mossy
mons Veneris.

We were approaching summer, and near the full of the moon, Mary had
complained of feeling very low spirited, and very much inclined to cry.
I tried to comfort her, and thought success would best attend my efforts
if I fucked her. So enticing her down into the garden, we entered the
summer house, and I at once proceeded to action. She was rather
unwilling, she could not say why, but had an instinctive reluctance. She
yielded, however, to my entreaties, and I fucked her without apparently
exciting her in the usual way. I consequently withdrew as soon as I had
run the first course, and at once discovered what ailed poor Mary. My
member was covered with blood. For the first time her courses had come
upon her. She was greatly alarmed, but I told her I had heard it was
quite natural to young women when they reached a certain age, that she
had better tell mamma at once, who would instruct her what to do. I
carefully wiped my reddened member, and then retired to my room to
purify myself. That very night, on Miss Evelyn coming to me, I found she
was exactly in the same state. She gave me my usual relief with her soft
hand and caressing lips, and then left me for five nights, as at that
time.

I now found myself reduced to my dear little sister Eliza. Up to this
time I had never actually fucked her, and her maidenhead was still
intact. She was now approaching fourteen, and the down on her charming
little cunt was becoming more decided; her bubbies too, under the erotic
excitement of my _attouchements_ and gamahuching, had assumed a decided
prominence. My finger had somewhat rendered the opening of her little
pinky slit more easy of access. So I resolved to complete her carnal
education and fuck her thoroughly. The opportunity was perfect; both
Miss Evelyn and Mary retired to their rooms to lie down at our usual
hour’s recreation, Eliza and I at once hied to the summer house, and
locked ourselves in. I immediately laid her down on the long couch, and
gamahuched her until she spent in my mouth, and then continued until she
was again almost mad with desire. I then told her I should initiate her
into a new mystery, more delicious than any she had yet experienced, but
that the first initiation was always painful.

“Oh! what is it, my dear Charlie, everything you do is so nice, I know I
shall like it—what is it?”

“Then you must know, dear Eliza, that this little cunt of yours is made
for the express purpose of having a prick put into it; only, as mine is
so large, and you are still so small and so young, I was afraid it would
give you too much pain to do it sooner; but now, I think, I may get it
in, if I do it gently.”

“Oh, Charlie, dear, put it in at once, I have often felt I should like
it so; but, as you never attempted to do it, I thought it was a mere
fancy of mine. Have you ever put it inside Mary’s quim?”

“Often; nay, always, my darling.”

“Does she like it?”

“She adores it.”

“Then put it into me directly, Charlie.”

I wanted nothing better, and told her that in order to thoroughly enjoy
it, she must strip. In a minute she dropped off everything, while I took
off my trousers—coat and waistcoat having been already laid aside. I had
brought a towel to lay on the couch below her bottom, to prevent any
tell-tale stains. Laying her down on her back, with her bottom close to
the end, her legs gathered up, and her two feet resting on the sofa,
with her knees falling outwards (in the very best position for my
intended operation), I put a pillow on the floor, on which I knelt, thus
bringing my cock a little above her quim to give me a good purchase. I
then first gamahuched her well again, until she spent and cried out—

“Oh, put it in, my dear Charlie, I do feel to want it so!”

She was already well moistened by her previous discharges, and by my
licking the lips of her cunt, and covering them with saliva, with which
I also, at the same time, wetted my prick itself. I then made the point
approach the charming pouting and longing lips of her sweet little cunt,
and rubbing it first up and down between the lips, proceeded to insert
its knob between them. Thanks to the precautions taken, and the
excitement I had raised by my previous caresses with tongue and prick,
the immediate entrance was effected with greater ease than might have
been expected. No sooner was it in about an inch beyond the knob than
the passion of excitement I had raised so stimulated the natural
lubricity of Eliza’s nature that she heaved up her buttocks
energetically, letting her knees drop quite down sideways, thus
favouring to the utmost my forward thrust made at the moment, so that my
prick was sheathed in an instant more than half his length, and but for
the obstacle of her maidenhead, which he then met with, would have been
entirely engulphed. As it was, it gave her a very sharp pang of pain,
which made her shrink back, and utter an—

“Oh! Charlie!”

“Do not fear, I will be gentle, keep still a moment and then you will
find the pain pass away, and great pleasure follow.”

So we lay still for a time, until I felt those involuntary internal
pressures, the true precursors and infallible indicators of rising
desires; so commencing a slow and continuous in and out movement, I
shortly produced such an excess of pleasure in her delicious orbit, that
her movements became almost furious, and nature alone prompted her to
second me with as much art as if she had already been long instructed in
the delicious movements so calculated to add to the libidinous delights
of true enjoyment.

But Eliza was a rare example of a truly salacious and voluptuous nature,
and proved herself in that way far in advance of Mary; although she was
of a very warm temperament, Eliza’s passions were far more excitable,
and in the end she became one of the most voluptuous fuckers possible,
abandoning herself to all the wildest raptures that the most erotic
nature could suggest. Of this, hereafter; at present I had worked her up
to the utmost pitch of excited desire; she was in the very act of
discharging, and as I withdrew for a final thrust, she heaved up her
buttocks in an agony of pleasure, I felt it was now or never, and
striking home with all my force, I burst with irresistible strength
through every obstacle, and tore my way inwards, until sheathed to my
very cods. Poor Eliza! at the very moment she thought herself in the
seventh heaven of delight, she experienced the most excruciating agony.
She gave a piercing cry and fainted away; her arms fell senseless from
my body—her legs would have also fallen, but twining my arms round them,
I continued for several successive thrusts to penetrate fully and easily
into every recess, for I myself was wound up to a fearful state of
excitement. I died away in an excess of joy, sending a torrent of balmy
sperm to soften and mitigate the pain of her terribly torn quim. Finding
that Eliza could not regain consciousness, I rose somewhat in alarm, and
was horrified to see the quantity of blood that followed my withdrawal.
It was fortunate my forethought of the towel, as it had not only saved
the sofa, but helped to stanch her swollen and bleeding quim, and to
wipe the blood from her thighs and bottom. I had effected all this
before the dear girl showed the least symptoms of animation. She first
sighed, then shivered, and at last opened her eyes, and looked
confusedly at me, and asked—

“What has happened to me, Charlie?”

Then observing how she was lying naked, she recovered her complete
consciousness of all the circumstances of the case.

“Oh! Charlie, now I know; I thought you had killed me; Charlie, oh! it
was so frightfully painful. How could you hurt me so, and just as I
thought it was the most heavenly pleasure I had ever experienced in all
my life.”

“My darling, it is all over now, and it will never hurt again, and we
shall both of us have greater pleasure than ever, but not just now; it
has been greater pain to you than I thought it would be, and for the
present we must not attempt any more.” I helped her to rise, but she
felt very faint, and I had great difficulty in getting her dressed. She
was shocked to see the bloody state of the towel. I told her to put my
handkerchief between her thighs, and partly up her slit, to prevent any
marks of blood staining her shift. I then laid her down on the sofa,
while I ran to get some water from the fountain in the garden. I took a
glass and the towel with me. I returned with the water, which greatly
refreshed Eliza. I begged her to lie still as long as she could stay.
However, when she attempted to walk, she found herself very much
incommoded with the smarting pain. I was terribly afraid lest this would
be observed when we got to the house, so I suggested she should
purposely fall down when in sight of anyone, and say she could not move
because she had hurt her knee by the fall.

This stratagem succeeded admirably. We were seen approaching by Miss
Evelyn, my mother, and Mary. Dear Eliza acted her part admirably, was
seen to fall heavily, and screamed. They all rushed out, we lifted her
carefully on her legs, and supported her to the house, she complaining
of the pain in the knee and ankle. My mother insisted on her going to
bed at once, and having embrocations and hot towels applied. Eliza let
them do as they liked, and eventually was left to quiet repose, which
soon relieved the painful sensations she had undergone. Next day she
complained of great stiffness, and walked lame, but thought the hot
applications had prevented the swelling, so thus happily passed off all
observations of suspicion of the real circumstances of the case. It was
not until the third day after that I attempted to make an entrance. Of
course, I excited her first to the utmost by a long continued
gamahuching. She then let me, but with fear and trembling, introduce my
bursting member into the delicate folds of her cunt. As I was very
gentle in my movements, the pain was scarcely felt, and when once well
sheathed, and the first thrusts given slowly and luxuriously, the whole
lubricity of her nature was soon awakened, and by the time I was ready
to spend she was as ready to second me, and we died away in a mutual
flood of delighted extasy. She held me close, and would not let me
withdraw.

“No, Charlie, it took some trouble to get it in, let it stop where it is
so deliciously engulphed,” and at once anticipating her natural desires,
she began the most exquisite pressures upon me, which very shortly
brought us both up to the point of demanding more active measures.
However, I rather restrained her, and told her we must retard our
movements to increase our pleasures, because mere quick repetitions
would only exhaust her, without yielding the true extasies of enjoyment.
I, therefore, taught her the pleasures of the slow movements, and I
worked her up to spending point, without giving way myself. The dear
little creature clung to me with the most close and endearing embraces,
as if she should force a complete amalgamation of our two bodies, and
died away in the sweetest bliss of contented desire, with such a
heavenly expression of extasy on her face as made me devour it with
kisses. I had great difficulty in restraining myself from precipitately
following her example; her delicious movements at the moment of
spending, and the close pressures on my prick, were so exciting that
resisting them was quite a triumph of control. I succeeded, and lay
quite quiet, embalmed in the delicious suction of those exquisite folds
of her charming little cunt, which exercised the most delightful
pressures as well as suction on my enraptured prick. I left it entirely
to her to lie as we were as long as she pleased, or to again begin the
dear delightful friction that should once more make us dash on passion’s
furious course, to end as usual in the ever delicious extasies of the
final crisis.

This last bout had been a double one for my sister; she all but swooned
away with the rapture my spending in unison with her produced. She
declared it was a death of the most delicious extasy, which it was
perfectly impossible to describe. She clung to me, kissing me in the
most endearing manner, and telling me how happy I had at last made her
by completing the insertion of my prick in her cunt. It was worth the
suffering of twenty times as much agony to arrive at so exquisite a
result as every fuck I now gave her conferred upon her. We adjourned to
the flower garden, that we might be seen playing together, and not
excite suspicion by our constant disappearance, now that we were only
two together. Of course, Mary knew what we were at and probably guessed
that I had completed the initiation of Eliza. She smiled, and gave me a
significant pressure of the hand, when we met again in the schoolroom to
resume our lessons. For two days more I enjoyed Eliza all to myself; at
each new fuck she became more and more perfect in conferring as well as
receiving pleasure.

On the third day, Miss Evelyn whispered, “tonight,” as she gave me a
stolen pressure of the hand. She came, and we indulged in every whim of
our fancy. I had further the delicious pleasure of gazing on all her
naked beauties, as it was daylight before we parted; I had gamahuched
her twice, and fucked her five times. She gave me credit for a long
fast, and allowed so much indulgence on that account, but told me I must
in future be more moderate, for her sake, if not for my own. She allowed
three nights to pass before again coming to me. I cannot say I regretted
it, because now that Eliza was initiated, as well as Mary, we indulged
in the most delightful orgies of fucking and gamahuching at the same
time. At first we used to fuck with one laid on her back to be fucked,
while the other backed on her knees over the face of the one being
fucked, and was gamahuched by her, while I introduced my finger into the
rosy orifice of the bottom before me. But we found the most voluptuous
way was for one to lie down on her back, and the other on hands and
knees over her. She thus brought her mouth over the cunt of the one
lying down, and presented her bottom to me, who knelt behind her. The
one below guided my prick into the cunt above her face; she had thus all
the satisfaction of seeing our action, while with one hand she tickled
my cods, and the other felt my bottom-hole, and inserted a finger.
Meanwhile, she was gamahuched and bottom-frigged at the same time by the
one I was fucking, and we used all three to die away in agonies of
enraptured delight, to recommence with a change of places between the
two girls. Sometimes I tried to introduce my prick into the rosy little
orifice of Mary’s backside, but, although the finger-frigging gave her
much additional pleasure while her cunt was operated upon by my virile
member, she as yet could not support the insertion of my large prick. I
had not even attempted little Lizzie, but one day, when Miss Evelyn and
Mary were again under menstruation, and I had dear Lizzie all to myself,
she was seized with such an irresistible desire to ease herself, that
she had only time to get behind a bush and squat down. I remained
waiting for her, when she called to me, to ask if I had any paper. I
advanced to give her some. She was in a half-standing position, with her
clothes held up to her waist. While giving her the paper, my eyes
accidentally fell upon what she had voided. I was struck with its
extraordinary thickness. I made no observation at the time, but it
raised an idea that preoccupied me much. I had often thought over the
pleasure that fucking Mrs. Benson’s bum-hole had given me, hence I had
tried to initiate both Miss Evelyn and Mary in that delightful route of
pleasure, but, as before stated, had been unable to succeed with them
from the great developement of my weapon. Thinking that if they could
not bear the insertion, there could be no possibility of success with my
younger and less developed sister, I had never attempted with Lizzie
more than the insertion of one finger. It is true, with her it seemed to
produce more excitement than either upon Miss Evelyn or Mary. The sight
of the extraordinary dimensions of the matter she had voided now
suggested the idea that if her apparently very small and rosy-lipped
bottom-hole could allow so large a mass to come out, with gentle efforts
my scarcely larger machine might be inserted. I determined to try the
initiation into that route of delight the very next day. Remembering
that dear Mrs. Benson always made it a rule that she should be first
well fucked and gamahuched, and the prick well moistened, I began by
exciting dear Lizzie to the utmost. I first fucked her, and made her
spend twice to my once; then gamahuched her until she implored me to
shove my prick into her. I had managed to introduce my two forefingers
at once into her bottom, and had frigged her while sucking her cunt,
without apparently giving any pain; on the contrary, from her movements
I fancied she felt greater excitement. I took care to enlarge, as much
as possible, or rather to stretch her bottom-hole as open as I could
with two fingers. It was at the moment of her greatest excitement, when
she was pressing me to fuck her at once, that I said—

“My dearest sister, there is still another mystery of sensual
voluptuousness that you have as yet not experienced or been initiated
into, and I am about to instruct you in it.”

“Oh, what is it? dear Charlie; but do anything you like, and as quick as
possible.”

“Well, then dear, it is this sweet little orifice in your bottom that I
am going to introduce my prick into. It may give you some little pain
the first time, but by gentleness of movement, and halting from time to
time when it hurts too much, we shall get him completely inserted, and
then it will be an immense pleasure to both of us.”

“Dear, dear Charlie, do as you like, your darling prick can only give me
the greatest delight; I am dying to have him into me, I don’t care
where, as long as I get the dear creature into me. I suppose I must be
on my hands and knees.”

Upon which she turned with great agility, and presented the two hard and
already promising globes of her charming backside. I lost no time in
first thrusting my prick up to the hilt in her cunt, to moisten it. It
made her shudder again with excess of lust, and she exercised such a
pressure upon it that I had some difficulty in withdrawing it. It was so
snug and nice therein that was a great temptation to run a course in her
cunt at once, but having the other object in view, and knowing that I
wanted all its stiffness to succeed, I did summon up courage enough to
withdraw; then applying the very plenteous saliva in my mouth that
gamahuching her had stimulated, I added it to the already moistened
prick, and applying some to her bum-hole, and introducing a well-wetted
finger, I put the knob of my formidable prick to the small and smiling
orifice that lay before me. The disproportion struck me as so great that
I dreaded success would be much too painful for her, but remembering the
dimensions of what had come out of it, I boldly proceeded with the
operation. I got in over the knob without making her flinch, but, as I
proceded to push gently forward, and had got in about two inches, she
cried—

“Stop a little, Charlie, it feels so queer—I can’t bear it in further.”

I stopped where I was, but slipping a hand under her, I applied my
finger to her clitoris, holding her bottom tight against me with the
other hand round her waist, so as not to lose ground. My agile finger
soon worked her passions up, and I felt her bottom give convulsive
twitches on my prick. I allowed her to become still more excited, and
then gently pushing forward found I was slowly, and almost
imperceptibly, gaining ground. My prick was then inserted almost
two-thirds of its length, when, thrusting rather too sharply, she again
cried out, and, but for the arm that held her fast round the waist,
would have unseated me.

“Oh, Charlie, dear, do stop; it seems to choke me, and makes me feel so
queer, that I thought I was going to faint.”

“I shall lie quite still, now dear Lizzie. It is quite in”—this was a
little bit of deception to calm her fears—“and when the pain of
insertion passes, which will be the case in a minute, we shall have
nothing but pleasure.”

So I kept my prick just where he was, but redoubled my frigging her
clitoris, and very soon brought her up to spending point, resolved that
I would not attempt complete insertion until I felt she was in the
raptures of sensual discharge. This quickly came upon her, and it was
the delicious movement of her own buttocks that sheathed my prick to the
hilt without an effort on my part, and so far from giving her pain, made
her positively scream with the intense voluptuousness of her sensation
in spending. She could not speak for many minutes, but continued the
exquisite pressures of the sphincter muscle on my enraptured prick. But
for my determination not to give way, and rather to wait for another
bout that would completely initiate dear Lizzie in all the luxury and
abandon of this delicious mode, I must have at once vigorously finished
my own course. My restraint was well rewarded. The first words my
beloved sister uttered were those of almost delirious joy at the
extraordinary delight I had given her. Never, never, had any fuck so
enraptured her. She turned up her lovely face to me, and tears of
sensuality and voluptuousness filled her eyes.

I had hardly begun my titillations on her still excited clitoris, which,
by the way, had lately considerably developed itself, when she was as
eager for another bout as I was. I held sufficient restraint on myself
to practice every salacious movement, that I might give Lizzie such
exquisite pleasure as should induce her on future occasions to grant me
the use of her charming bottom-hole whenever I should desire. I worked
her up to the utmost pitch of the most salacious excitement, and at the
moment when she spent, in an agony of shrieking extasy, I poured a
perfect flood of spunk right up into her entrails, and we both sank
forward, but without unseating me, quite overpowered by the intensity of
our delight. When we came to our senses I rose from off her. On
withdrawing my prick I found a few traces of blood, but of no moment. I
wiped my prick on a handkerchief, and also wiped between the cheeks of
dear Lizzie’s bottom, for fear any tell-tale marks should be made on her
linen. I then helped her up, and she threw her arms round my neck, and
sweetly kissing me, thanked me for a new lesson in love, which had
overwhelmed her with delight.

Thus ended the first lesson that Lizzie ever received by that route of
pleasure, and I may incidentally state that she was peculiarly
constituted for giving and receiving the most exquisite pleasure in that
way. She afterwards developed into a magnificent woman, with one of the
naturally largest and finest backsides I almost ever met with; and she
came to love backward fucking to the utmost extent. In after-days, when
married, she told me that her husband was a muff, who had no idea of
enjoying a woman but in one way. She had often deceived him, and slipped
it into her bottom-hole without his ever having any suspicion of the
sort of pleasure he had given her.

Three months passed with the rapidity of a dream, while we indulged in
these scenes of delicious lubricity and voluptuousness, without ever
attracting any observation within the house and, more curious, without
Miss Evelyn either discovering or suspecting anything between my sisters
and myself—thanks to my natural powers and the unfailing resources of
youth. Both she and my sisters thought they each gave me as much as I
could get through, and, therefore, neither ever imagined I could seek
carnal delights in other arms. So it was but now there happened one or
two events which had a considerable effect on the after-tenour of our
loves.

A neighbour, a very nice good-looking man, about thirty-five years of
age, a gentleman farmer, very well off, had for some time past always
waited for us at the church door on Sundays, apparently for a chat with
mamma, Miss Evelyn, and us. He treated and evidently considered us as
mere children, nor did he appear to fix particular attention to anyone.

One Monday my mother received a note from him, to beg she would grant
him a short interview on the following day, as he wished for her advice
on a subject of much interest to him. Mamma’s reply begged him to come
at eleven o’clock, when she would be happy to see him.

He came, and was particularly neatly dressed. My mother had been very
agitated all the morning, and looked flushed and nervous as the hour
drew near; I really believe the old lady fancied it was for an idle
avowal to herself that he was coming. Be that however as it may, the
object of his visit turned out to be a proposal to Miss Evelyn, with an
offer of marriage. He was ready to make such settlements upon her as
could not but be satisfactory. He told my mother that before speaking to
Miss Evelyn, whom he had loved from her first appearance in the parish,
and whose quiet, modest character had daily made a deeper impression, he
thought it only his duty to first break the subject to her, and to ask
her permission for an interview with Miss Evelyn, and next, if he was
acceptable to her, for leave to visit at our house, while courting his
wished-for wife. He further stated that he had never ventured to hint
the state of his feelings to Miss Evelyn, and prayed my mother to be the
kind intermediary in opening the subject to her, and to beg as a favour
that she would grant him an interview to state his case in person on the
following day, so that he might learn his fate from her own lips. My
mother, although probably inwardly a little disappointed, had the
interest of Miss Evelyn too much at heart not to take up the matter
warmly, and urged, with all the volubility elderly ladies can so well
exercise, whenever the marriage of a younger friend is in question, all
the benefit that would accrue to her from so advantageous a proposal.
Miss Evelyn was really taken quite by surprise, and stammered out some
vague expressions of wishing for time to consider.

“Stuff and nonsense, my dear, remember your dependent position, and the
advantages this match holds out to you. You must not think or talk of
delay. He will be here tomorrow, and I hope his lover eloquence will
soon decide the question in his favour.”

Poor Miss Evelyn burst into tears and said it was so sudden, and she was
so ill-prepared to take any decision. She would, however, think over it
very seriously and in the morning be better able to give an answer. My
mother seeing that she was much agitated by what she had told her, very
kindly said—

“Give the children a holiday this afternoon, and I advise you to keep
your own room, and write to your widowed mother, to tell her of the
offer, and to ask her advice how you should act.”

We thus had many hours to ourselves; I had heard all that had passed,
and felt a sad pressure at my heart, when I began to realise the fact
that the proposal of Mr. Vincent would, if accepted, lead to our
separation, and deprive me of my loved Miss Evelyn. The idea made me
very sad, and I showed no alacrity in taking advantage of our extra
hours of recreation with my sisters, until Mary began to rally me about
my melancholy, and asked what I meant by it. I at once said—

“Don’t you see, if Miss Evelyn marries Mr. Vincent we shall get another
governess, and can we ever expect to get one who is so kind and
excellent a teacher, and who troubles us so little at our games.”

“Ah! that is very true, and we should be horribly annoyed if we were
watched and interrupted. However, more reason that we should make the
most of the present moment, so come along, Charlie, and let us have some
real good fucking. We have plenty of time, mamma is not very well. No
one will come near us, and there is nothing to hinder our having a jolly
time of it, all three stark naked together, so come along.”

Her words had already changed the current of my ideas; before she ceased
speaking my prick responded, which her quick eye immediately observed,
and patting it with her hand, she said—

“Ah! my dear little dummy, I am glad to see you are of my opinion, so
come along.”

Away we went, and a most glorious afternoon of orgies we spent.

Miss Evelyn came to me at night and threw herself into my arms, in an
agony of sobs and tears, and pressing me to her throbbing bosom, she
sobbed out—

“Oh! my dear Charlie, I love you so dearly, you have become as necessary
to me as life itself. I cannot bear the thought of parting from you, my
loved one. You, whom I have initiated into all the delights of mutual
love. Oh! the thought of parting is bitter, and breaks my heart. Oh!
love me, my own darling boy, and press me to your heart.”

I did more, for, as I have before stated, a woman’s tears have a never
failing effect on the erective nerves of my machine. It was but the
commencement of a night of most luxurious enjoyment. Miss Evelyn put no
restraint either on herself or me, but indulged in every act of
lubricity and voluptuousness were drawing to a close. In fact, when
eventually she left me in the morning, and I thought over all she had
said, it became evident to me that she had already made up her mind to
accept the very advantageous offer made to her. The instinctive
intelligence of woman had at once shown to her that such an opportunity
was not to be lost for the sake of a mere boy, whom circumstances must
naturally soon remove far away from her. At the same time, doubtless,
the idea that I was all her own making, for she never had any suspicion
of my previous initiation, held a charm over her, to say nothing of the
powerful weapon she had so unexpectedly found by her side, and which had
so great an influence over her passions. We spent a most luxurious
night, and hardly closed our eyes, notwithstanding my afternoon’s
debauch; such is the power and resources of nature, in a
well-constituted youth of fifteen and upwards, that Miss Evelyn had
rather to force our embraces, than to stimulate by any artificial
excitement my ever ready prick. I won from her a promise to come next
night, and let me know what fate was in store for us.

Next day Mr. Vincent was true to his appointment. Mamma received him
with Miss Evelyn by her side, and after the usual compliments, rose and
apologised for leaving them, as she had household duties to attend to.
Miss Evelyn informed me afterwards that Mr. Vincent, on my mother
leaving the room, rose from his seat, and approaching her, said, in the
most frank gentlemanly manner—

“You are aware, my dear Miss Evelyn, of the object of my visit, and I
augur from your kind condescension in giving me this interview that my
suit is not disagreeable to you.”

Then taking her passive hand, and pressing it to his heart, he
continued—

“I have loved you, Miss Evelyn, from the first moment of my seeing you.
I feel that my future happiness hangs on your lips, for without your
love, my life would now be a blank. I am here today to offer you my hand
and fortune. If I have not yet your heart, I seek to be allowed to
cultivate your society, that I may try to win it.”

Then seeing that she was greatly agitated, he begged her to be seated
(for she had risen when he approached and took her hand), he led her to
a sofa, and seated himself by her side. He pressed for an answer. She
said—

“You must be fully aware, Mr. Vincent, that your generous offer has
taken me greatly by surprise. I feel most grateful to you for it, but
must implore you to allow me to pause, until at least I have heard from
my mother, to whom I will communicate the noble offer you have made to
me, a poor governess, who cannot but feel grateful to you for
condescending to think of her in such a way.”

“Ah! say not so, my dear Miss Evelyn, and believe me, it is no sudden
impulse that has driven me to your feet, but ardent love, and real
admiration of your great beauty and admirable conduct ever since you
entered this family.”

The dear creature smiled through her tears upon me when she recounted
those terms of affection that Mr. Vincent poured out to her.

To be brief—before they parted he won from her that his frequent
meetings at church, and elsewhere, had gained him something more than
esteem, but hopeless of ever becoming his wife, she had done her utmost
to suppress warmer feelings. Oh! woman, thy name is deception! So she
sent him away the happiest man in existence. He rode over every day
afterwards, and was with Miss Evelyn from four to five; indeed, he was
often the cause of our having half an hour’s longer recreation. He also
frequently dined with us. Miss Evelyn’s mother naturally jumped at the
offer, and most delightedly gave her consent.

When Mr. Vincent heard of this, he became very urgent in claiming an
early day for making him the happiest of men. Miss Evelyn wanted a delay
of six weeks, but this raised such an outcry on his part, seconded by my
mother, that at last she was driven from six weeks to a month, and then
to a fortnight from that date; so all became extremely busy in getting
ready marriage dresses, &c. The marriage was to take place from our
house, and my mother insisted that she should provide the marriage
breakfast. Mrs. Evelyn was invited to our house for a week at the time
of the marriage, to keep my mother company. My two sisters and a young
sister of Mr. Vincent’s were to be the bridesmaids, and a young man,
courting Miss Vincent, to be bridegroom’s man. So all was thus arranged,
and eventually came off most happily. When Mrs. Evelyn arrived she
occupied the spare room, where charming Mrs. Benson had so deliciously
initiated me in all the pleasures of sensuality and passion.

To return to the day when Mr. Vincent had his first interview, and
declared his love and admiration, and ended with the offer of marriage.
Before going away, he rang for mamma, thanked her for all her kindness
to him, informed her how happy Miss Evelyn had made him in granting
permission to prosecute his suit for her hand, &c. Then begging the
favour of a chaste kiss, he left all radiant with hope.

The interview had naturally been very trying for Miss Evelyn, and she
was so evidently nervously agitated that my mother begged her to go to
her room, and lie down to repose herself, as after so much agitation she
must be quite unfit for any schoolwork, and that she herself would hear
our lessons that morning and give us an afternoon’s holiday in honour of
the happy event that had occurred.

We thus, my sisters and I, were thrown again into another prolonged
opportunity of fully enjoying ourselves, but, notwithstanding the
wonderfully regenerative power that nature had gifted me with, I felt
that if I wanted to enjoy again my dear Miss Evelyn, who had promised to
be with me that night. I must not only restrain myself from such excess
as we had indulged in the previous day, but also manage to get some
sleep, of which I had scarcely tasted the night before, so I contented
myself with first gamahuching and then fucking each sister; afterwards
again gamahuching them, and making them each spend five times, so as to
satisfy them without exhausting myself, and then finishing off with a
delicious fuck in Lizzie’s bottom-hole, while each gamahuched the other.
This quite satisfied them, and they allowed me to steal up to my room to
sleep, Mary promising to call me in time for tea. I slept the sleep of
the just for some three hours, and came to tea perfectly ready for
anything that could happen that night. It was well it was so, for now
that there could not be any long lapse of time before we must part, Miss
Evelyn became a very glutton for pleasure, and every art and position
was made use of to stimulate and lengthen out our joys. She came every
night, even up to the very night before the marriage, although in the
last three nights before the event came off, her mother, Mrs. Evelyn,
slept in the spare bedroom with which my room communicated.
Nevertheless, we met and carried on our amorous sports with bated breath
and suppressed sighs.

We had of late often tried in our moments of greatest excitement to
introduce my prick into her delicious tight little bottom-hole. Once, by
a sudden manoeuvre, I managed to get in at the moment she was spending,
and actually made an entrance as far as about two inches beyond the nut,
and I think I should have fully succeeded at that time if my own
excitement had not made me spend too soon. This oiled the way, and my
prick, having already fucked several times, becoming too limp, the
squeeze of her bottom actually forced him out, as if she were voiding
herself naturally. I fancied that, at the moment, but for my too excited
passion, she would have rather I had completely initiated her. However,
the night preceding her marriage, I at last succeeded. We had fucked in
every varied way. She was on her knees, with her head on the pillow, and
I on my knees, behind her; this was a favourite way of hers, as she
declared I got further in, nay, seemed to touch her heart and fill her
whole body; besides the frigging her clitoris and the action of my
finger in her bottom-hole added greatly to the raptures this position
gave her. She had been already well fucked, and we had mutually
gamahuched each other, so her whole system was in a most excited and
well-moistened state. Taking care to put two fingers at once into her
bottom-hole, I worked them so as to stretch it as much as possible,
while exciting her with my prick in her cunt, and a finger on her
clitoris. Just as she was going into the raptures of spending I dropped
from my mouth a quantity of saliva onto her bottom-hole, and as she was
pushing her buttocks back to me I suddenly withdrew my prick, and with
one vigorous thrust housed him half his length in her delicious
bum-hole. She almost cried out aloud at the suddenness of the attack,
and would have flinched away but for the grasp of both my hands upon her
hips; a more vigorous shove sent me up to the hilt against her beautiful
buttocks. She whispered—

“For heaven’s sake, dear Charles, do stop a moment, I can’t bear it, and
must cry out if you do not be quiet for a time at least.”

As I was safely fixed, it exactly suited me to remain still, for had I
gone on, a push or two would have made me spend. Now fairly engulphed, I
wished not only to fully enjoy it myself but, if possible, make her
enjoy it too. So remaining quite still, as far as regarded my prick, I
stole one hand down to her clitoris, and began to excite that; the other
I ran up to her bubbies, and played with the nipples, a thing which I
had found out excited her almost as much as playing with her clitoris.
Her passions were soon reawakened, and the involuntary twistings of her
loins and pressures of her sphincter convinced me that in a very short
time I should work her up to the utmost; and so it was, and immensely
she enjoyed both her own spend and mine when she felt my hot spunk
shooting up into her very entrails. We sunk gently on our sides after
this bout, but without unsheathing me; and here embracing, kissing and
tonguing each other when she turned her head, and sometimes sucking the
nearest nipple to me, we soon once more were in a state to renew our
delicious combat; and a second course was run in the delightful
callipygian recesses of Venus’s second temple of lubricity. This was our
last bout, for, alas, it was getting the hour when the house would be
all astir. My lovely mistress embraced me most tenderly, and
acknowledged that I had at last taught her a new pleasure. She wept as
she tore herself from my arms, and I wept too when she left me, as I
thought I had now lost her for ever as a mistress, and what a charming
one she had been to me!

Morning came, and with it bridesmaids, bridegroom, and man. To church we
all went, my sisters perfectly enchanted with the idea of being
bridesmaids, and beautifully arrayed in new dresses. They were also
still more delighted with some handsome jewelry presented by Mr.
Vincent. In their eyes he became the handsomest and finest man they had
ever seen. The breakfast went off as usual, and when the bride, who had
changed her bridal dress for a neat travelling one, came down, pretty
near all were in tears on taking leave of her. She pressed me tenderly
to her bosom, and whispered—

“Courage, Charlie, dear.”

It was almost too much for me, but I managed to restrain any extreme
demonstration of my grief. The carriage door was shut, and off they
rattled to spend the honeymoon at Leamington. The friends assembled
remained until the evening, and after the sensations of the day, and the
fatigues of the previous night, I was glad to get to bed. I cried myself
to sleep, thinking that another at that moment was revelling in all the
delights of amorous enjoyment of those charms that had been so long in
my sole possession.

Thus ended one of the most delightful episodes of my life, and although
I, at some rare intervals, from time to time found an opportunity of
enjoying my loved mistress, they were flying fucks, very delicious, but
very unsatisfactory.

This was the first great incident that had an effect of changing the
tenour of our existence for some time, but I will reserve the details of
our after-adventures for a second part of these reminiscences of Early
Experiences.

END OF VOL. I.




VOLUME II


CONTENTS


Mr. James MacCallum—Mrs. Vincent—Miss Frankland—Miss F., Mary, and
Eliza—Doctor and Mrs. Brownlow

The house was scarcely itself even the day after the marriage. Mrs.
Evelyn was still with us, and did not leave until the following day. She
and my mother spent most of the day in the summer house, so that our
pastimes therein were interrupted. Mary complained of severe headache,
which, in fact, was the premonitory symptom of her courses, which
declared themselves violently in the evening. I had arranged with my
sisters to steal up to their room when all were asleep, as now that we
had lost our governess they had it all to themselves. I went, of course,
but found only Eliza capable of entering into our sensual enjoyments. I
made her come to me in Miss Evelyn’s bed, and while fucking her, was
thinking all the time of my darling governess; and even when I was
fucking her I could only remember the complete insertion of my prick
into Miss Evelyn’s bum-hole the very night before her marriage, and
wondered whether or not her husband had discovered her loss of
maidenhead. And yet, I fancied woman’s natural cunning would easily
deceive him, as millions before him have been deceived. Coupling Mary’s
attack and Miss Evelyn’s choice of the marriage day on the full moon, I
could not help imagining that she intended to help her deception by the
advent of her menstruation. It will be seen hereafter how far I was
correct in my conjecture. I passed a delicious night in the arms of my
charming Lizzie, and only stole away just in time not to be observed by
the early-rising servants. Mrs. Evelyn departed the next day. My mother,
feeling poorly, desired Lizzie to sleep with her, so perforce I had to
pass a very quiet night, but which the agitation and excessive venery of
the last week rendered very acceptable.

Another week passed without anything particular beyond Mary being able
to join Lizzie and me in our orgies. The doctor had recommended my
mother to go for a few weeks to the seaside, and she resolved that we
should all go for six weeks before engaging a new governess. So we left
town for a charming little retired village on the west Welsh coast. It
was but a small place, with one street, and some straggling houses here
and there, but with a beautiful stretch of sand ending in abrupt rocks.
Our lodgings were but small; a sitting room and bedroom above a shop,
and two rooms over that. I slept in the small back room off the sitting
room, my mother had the front upper room, and my two sisters were in the
room beside her, with only a thin partition between them, so we found
ourselves obliged to seek for some outside place to enjoy the erotic
pleasures that had now become necessary to us. Very few visitors ever
came near the retired little village. In our explorations we found that
at the far end of the sands there were some nice retired spots behind
the rocks, which soon became the scenes of our sensual enjoyments. The
place was more than a mile from the village, and we could see if anyone
was coming towards us for the whole distance; but still as we might
forget how fast time flies, we prudently established either one or the
other of my sisters as a sentinel to give us warning if anyone was
approaching. So I took them in turn, laid them down, had a mutual
gamahuche, and then a fuck; after which the previous watcher took the
place of the one just fucked, and the same process was followed in her
case. We had done this for three days, and were congratulating ourselves
upon having found out so safe a place to indulge all our propensities
in. We always spent the mornings with mamma, who kept us so far to our
lessons, but after our midday meal, which mamma also made her dinner
hour, she retired for a siesta, and we went out for a long walk and
something better. I have said we fully enjoyed the first three days
without any apparent chance of discovery. On the fourth, while Lizzie
was on the watch in front, and Mary and I after a delicious gamahuche
had just died away in all the ecstasies of a prolonged fuck up to the
moment of discharge, and I was saying to her—

“Did not that feel delicious, and was it not up to the hilt?”

“I should think so, with such a rammer as that up her cunt,” said a
strange voice close to us.

You may easily suppose how we startled with surprise.

“Oh, don’t do that, I did not mean to spoil sport,” said the same voice.

It was a very gentlemanly man, with a soft quiet voice, and charming
amiable expression of countenance, who stood smiling upon us close to
our side, with his breeches open, and his standing pego in his hand. So
great was our surprise that we never thought of the state we were in.
Mary lay with legs spread out, and belly exposed, and cunt gaping open;
and I with my breeches down, and my great big cock pendent, it is true,
but hardly diminished in thickness. The stranger said again—

“I am not here to spoil sport, on the contrary, to aid you in every way.
I accidentally observed you two days ago. I am here, a stranger, like
yourselves. I know you to be brother and sisters, and admire you all the
more for being above the usual prejudices of that relationship. But you
must be aware that as I know all about you, the best way is to let me be
a participator in your sport; and then you not only shut my mouth, but
it will be the means of vastly adding to all your pleasures, as well as
giving me the most intense satisfaction. Now, for instance, your elder
sister there, who was about to replace the younger on the watch, will be
all the more satisfied, if I first fuck her. Don’t be alarmed, my dear,”
said he, as he observed a sudden move of Mary, who all at once
recollected how exposed her whole person was. “I shall do nothing
without your full consent, but I am quite sure your brother, who takes
you each in turn, will rather be pleased than otherwise, to see you in
my arms, or I much mistake his character.”

I could not help, internally, thinking how exactly he had hit off my
very thought, for I had just been calculating, in my own mind, how much
better it would be for us to make him a participator with us, rather
than an enemy by a refusal. So I at once averred that as it had turned
out, it was likely to add greatly to all our pleasure, and I begged Mary
to let him have his way. The natural reluctance of woman to appear too
easy of access made her simulate a refusal, but as she still lay on her
back, I leant over her, and opening her legs, begged him to kneel
between and help himself. He gallantly, on kneeling, first stooped
forward, and gave a good lick up of all her cunt’s spunk-covered lips,
and then proceeded to gamahuche her, which quickly made her as anxious
for his prick as he was to fuck her. As soon as they were fairly at it,
I whistled, and beckoned to Lizzie to come up. You may easily imagine
her surprise to see Mary in the arms of a strange man; but as the sight
had had its usual effect on my sensitive organ, and as it was standing,
almost ready to burst, I made her kneel opposite to them, and introduced
my prick into her cunt from behind, so that we could both see the
delicious fuck going on before us. It redoubled our excitement, and all
four of us spent together in cries of rapture. After this bout we sat
down to make further acquaintance, which, you may suppose, was not
difficult, after such an introduction. Our new friend gave us some hints
very useful for future proceedings, meanwhile he was feeling young
Lizzie’s cunt with one hand, and my prick with the other, very nicely
and gently frigging it. He brought me to full stand very quickly, and
then made me lie on my back, while he proceeded to admire and praise the
extraordinary development which he declared was the greatest for one of
my age he had ever met with, and his experience was very extensive. When
it was at full stand, he stooped forward, and in the most delicious
manner sucked my prick. It was more exciting than when either of my
sisters, Miss Evelyn, or Mrs. Benson had gamahuched me. He also inserted
a finger in my bottom-hole, and eventually made me spend in his mouth,
which he greedily swallowed, nor did he cease sucking until every drop
was drawn out of me. This had, of course, excited him, and he said—

“Now, I must have the young one in her turn.”

Lizzie, nothing loath, lay down on the grass at once, I conducted his
prick into her cunt, and frigged his bottom-hole, while their bout
lasted. His prick was one of the middlings, not very long, nor very
thick, but of a uniform size throughout, without any large projection of
the nut, like mine. He advised us to stop for that day, and to walk
towards the village with him, and then when in full sight, but far
beyond hearing, we could sit down and concert measures for future
pleasures of the most delicious lubricity.

“I see,” he said, “that we shall just hit it. I shall greatly add to
your pleasures, and you to mine; you have something yet to learn, and I
am the very person to instruct you in even higher delights than any of
you have yet enjoyed.”

We followed him as desired, and, seated on a sand hillock, we held a
long conversation, and arranged everything for future indulgencies. We
agreed to meet at the rocks next day at our usual hour, he undertaking
to be there ahead of us, to see that no lurking stranger should have
hidden himself as he had done that day. He would think over the matter
in the meantime, and contrive some way of meeting where we could be
fully at ease, and strip ourselves naked, so as to enjoy a complete
orgie of the most salacious lubricity. He showed us where he was lodged,
a small inn a little way out of the village with its front to the road,
and behind the stables there was attached to it a small cottage,
consisting of a bedroom above, with a dressing room, or small bedroom if
necessary, over the passage; the door opened upon the coast, and there
was no other communication with the inn than by going round past the
stable yard to the front door. The servant of the inn came round in the
morning, and laid his modest breakfast of tea, eggs and toast, and when
he was done, cleared away and made his bed, &c. He took his dinner in
the inn parlour at the hour the landlord and family dined. Nothing
overlooked his windows, and he was sufficiently away from the village
not to be easily observed, still less so from the inn; so that on
approaching his lodgings from the sands he was almost as safe from
observation as if he had lived in a lonely house far distant from any
other. I am thus particular in describing his lodgings, as the
advantages of the situation afterwards induced us to turn them to a
profitable use. Our friend’s name was MacCallum, James MacCallum, an
offshoot of the great Scotch clan of that name, then in about his
thirtieth year, fond of sporting, particularly fishing. His room was
surrounded with the necessary implements, and he much frequented Wales
from its advantage of possessing so many good trout streams. He it was
who gave me a taste for the piscatory art, and I afterwards accompanied
him on many a fishing excursion, which often led to new and singular
erotic adventures, of which I may, perhaps, hereafter recount a few. His
ordinary residence was London, and our present acquaintance led to some
most intimate relations of true erotic extravagance, of which more anon.

Meanwhile we met at the rocks on the next day, a Saturday. We found Mr.
MacCallum at his post, and all being secure, proceeded to action. It was
Mary’s turn to take the first watch. Our friend constituted himself
master of the ceremonies. He desired me to take off my breeches, and
Lizzie to take off her gown and ease her corset, for as yet she wore no
stays; then telling me to lie down on my back, he made Lizzie kneel at
my head, with her bottom to me, and then to press back so as to bring
her charming little cunt over my mouth, her under-petticoat and chemise
being well canted over her shoulders. I thus had complete command of her
clitoris with my tongue, and she could sink her buttocks quite down on
my face, so that I could shove my tongue well up her cunt, and lick up
all her spendings when she discharged; and at the same time, while
embracing the charming plump hard buttocks with one hand, the other was
left free to frig her bum-hole, and stimulate her passions up to the
utmost. I have already told you how naturally she had taken to posterior
pleasures. While thus engaged, Mr. MacCallum proceeded to gamahuche my
prick in the most delicious manner, for he had an art in this delightful
accomplishment that far exceeded that of the many by whom I have been
gamahuched—of course, he added the _postilion_, as the French say, by
frigging my bottom-hole at the same time. He made me most voluptuously
discharge in his mouth at the very instant dear Lizzie was pouring into
mine her delicious spendings. We lay enraptured for some time before we
could stir. Then rising, I wished to return the compliment Mr. M. had
paid my prick, by sucking his. But this he declined, saying—

“I shall teach you all a new pleasure before we part, and my powers are
not quite so active as your youth enables you to be, so for the moment
we will indulge in close observation and sweet caresses of our members
until by gentle titillations I get you two more prepared for the amorous
contest—”

He gamahuched Lizzie while handling my prick, and a very short period
elapsed before he had us both in such a state of excitement that we were
ready for anything he chose to direct. This time he also required me to
lie down on my back, but he placed Lizzie on the top of me, and guided
my prick himself into her delicious tight little notch. When fully
inserted, which was completely accomplished before she quite lay down
upon me, he desired us to go slowly to work. For a short time, with his
face close to my cods, he watched the in and out movement of my prick,
inserting a finger into both Lizzie’s bottom and mine. Then rising, he
said—

“Stop a little, my dears, but don’t withdraw. I am about to give your
sister a lesson in the double action of most delicious pleasure.”

Then spitting on his prick, and applying a quantity of saliva to the
rosy orifice of her bottom, he proceeded to insert his prick—little
thinking how fond she was of taking pleasure in this route, and how
often she had already enjoyed it. He took every precaution not to hurt
her, and to be as gentle as possible, telling her to push out her
bottom, and to strain as if she wanted to void something, which he told
her would facilitate his entrance, and give her less pain. You may
imagine how secretly pleased Lizzie was; she did all he desired—and with
great gentleness he succeeded in sheathing his prick up to the close
junction of his belly against her buttocks.

“Capital, my dear, you have borne it admirably. I see you will make an
apt scholar; now you will have nothing but the most ecstatic raptures
from the action of two pricks at once. Now, Charles, it is for you to
work, and for your most charming sister to continue only the exquisite
pressures she is already at this moment so rapturously conferring on our
excited members.”

We thus commenced the first lesson we ever had in the double fuck. Dear
Lizzie was almost mad with the agonising sensations of rapturous
pleasure the double thrusting produced upon her erotic nerves. I, too,
felt the rubbing of Mr. M.’s prick so closely upon mine, for the slight
membrane dividing the bottom passage from the vagina, by the powerful
stretching of the two members between which it was sandwiched, became so
thin a division that it really appeared as if there was nothing between
our pricks. Such ecstatic excitement brought matters to a speedy
conclusion. Lizzie screamed so loudly with her excess of pleasure that
it somewhat alarmed Mary, who came running up to see what was the
matter. Her surprise was great at the sight she beheld, but we were far
too deliriously wrapt in the lap of most salacious luxury and lubricity
to be sensible to any interruption. As for Lizzie she was in convulsions
of ecstasy, which ended in quite a hysteric attack which rather alarmed
us, and made us withdraw from the exquisite sheaths in which we had been
engulphed with such rapture. It was some time before dear Lizzie
recovered her senses, and then she burst into tears, declaring she had
never before known what pleasure meant, and she had been in the seventh
heaven of delight, that she could wish for no better death than to die
in such agony of pleasure. She then threw herself into Mr. M.’s arms,
and kissing him with the utmost fervour, said—

“Oh, you dear man, how I love you for teaching me such a delicious way
of loving; you shall have me whenever and wherever you please. I shall
love you as much as I do my darling brother Charlie.”

She then turned to me and warmly embraced me too. Then, putting on her
gown, she proceeded to take up the watch, while Mary remained to be
likewise initiated in the luxury of the double fuck. She somewhat
dreaded the experiment, but having witnessed the ecstasies of pleasure
it had thrown Lizzie into, she was not unwilling to try if it could be
accomplished with Mr. MacCallum’s somewhat less massive member. He put
us through the same preliminary manoeuvres of backing Mary on her knees
over my mouth, and while he sucked my prick, he feasted his eyes at the
same time on Mary’s really finely developed buttocks, giving him promise
of great after-pleasure. He even begged me to leave her bottom-hole to
his finger so that he frigged the bum-hole of the sister while he sucked
the prick of the brother, a combination which afforded him the most racy
delight, Mary was greatly excited, and spent most copiously in my mouth,
while I quickly followed suit in the mouth of Mr. M., who did not allow
a drop to be wasted. When we had reposed ourselves sufficiently, his
lascivious touches and caresses and praises of our parts soon
sufficiently re-excited us to let him see if we might again proceed to
action. As before, I lay down on my back, and Mary, straddling across
me, had my prick guided into her longing cunt by the hand of Mr. M. When
I was fairly engulphed in her hot and throbbing cunt, she began her
exquisite _casse-noisette_ pressures, which talent she possessed in the
greatest perfection; then bending down to me I clasped her in my arms,
and glued my lips to hers in a loving kiss and tongue embrace. Her
bottom presented itself in all its beauty to our worthy master of the
ceremonies, who, delighted with its more fully blown beauties than that
of the younger sister, paid first due homage to it by fondly kissing it,
and thrusting his tongue up the rosy orifice, titillating her
excessively, then wetting his prick he applied it to the tender
rosebud-like dimple at first without success, Mary telling him she did
not think he could possibly succeed.

“Patience and perseverance, my dear girl,” said he, “will enable me to
get into a mouse; we must try another way; it is that great huge monster
of a prick in your cunt that is so blocking up the route as to close
almost entirely the way to the more secret temple of salacious delights.
Withdraw for a moment.”

I did so; upon which he plunged in an instant up to the hilt in her cunt
and gave a few shoves to excite her and throw her off her guard, for he
told us afterwards, the first difficulty was all owing to Mary’s
involuntary opposition, by squeezing in her bottom-hole, instead of
pushing it out. When he thought he had sufficiently excited her, and
made her suppose he was going to continue regularly fucking her, he
suddenly withdrew the two fingers he had in her bum-hole, by a jerk
substituted his prick, and before Mary was aware, had sheathed it more
than halfway into her bottom. She gave a half scream, but his hold of
her hips, and my close embrace of her waist, for I all along knew what
he was at, prevented her from flinching and throwing him out, which was
her first impulse. He said—

“I will keep still, and any unpleasant feeling will go off in a moment.”

He stopped for two or three minutes, which I occupied in first rubbing
the end of my prick on Mary’s clitoris, which was a well-developed one,
and when by her nervous movements I found her passions were being
roused, I slipped it into her tightened cunt without much difficulty.
Mr. M. took the opportunity of finding me penetrating to glide in on his
point of attack up to his utmost limit. Mary gasped again, and declared
it was choking her. However, by a little more patience, and then by very
gentle movements, we gradually worked her up to the utmost state of
excitement, and she, as well as both of us, went off in a delirium of
enraptured felicity. She lay panting and throbbing between us for nearly
a quarter of an hour.

I was already in a state for renewed efforts, but Mr. M. rose, and
withdrew his reeking prick from the tight recess in which it had enjoyed
such ecstasies, and told us we must be content with that day’s work,
expressly as he had a plan in his head for the next day, that would
require us to have all our erotic powers at command. Then, as before, we
approached the village, so as to be seen, but not overheard, so that our
going away to more distant places should create no suspicion. Mr. M.
then informed us that we could come to his cottage the next afternoon,
instead of the rocks; we should be able to undress ourselves in the
buff, and have a perfect orgie of salacious delights. We heartily
approved of this plan, and after an amusing conversation, we parted to
meet the next day on the sands, but in the contrary directions to the
rocks, for the purpose of afterwards approaching his cottage from the
least observable site.

After dinner the next day we started at our usual hour apparently for
our ordinary promenade, but after leaving the village, and allowing most
of the people to be safely stowed away in church for the afternoon
service, we turned on our steps and made for Mr. M.’s door. He saw us
coming, and was ready to admit us, without knocking. We immediately
adjourned to the bedroom upstairs, and lost no time in all of us
stripping stark naked. After some preliminary admiration of the two
girls, whose forms were certainly cast in beauty’s mould, we lay down in
bed. I and Lizzie mutually gamahuched each other, with the usual
accompaniments in the charming orifices of our bottoms. Mr. MacCallum
and Mary, for he had taken a great fancy to her and her splendid bottom,
followed our example, After we had a happy and most delicious spend, and
then mutual embraces and kisses, we put the girls into all conceivable
poses, until we were once more ready to go on with something more
serious than gamahuching. Mr. M., as usual, acted as master of the
ceremonies, and ordered Mary to lie down on her back, then Lizzie
reversed upon her, so that she could gamahuche Mary’s cunt, and tickle
her bum-hole, while Mary was to frig Lizzie’s clitoris with one hand,
and play with my cods with the other, Mr. M. himself guided my prick
into the delicious bottom-hole of Lizzie, and when we were all fixed,
and he had frigged my bum-hole with two fingers, he said—

“Now I am going to initiate you, Charlie, into the delight of being
alike operator and receiver.”

So saying, he moistened his tool and spit in my bum-hole, and proceeded
very gently to introduce his prick therein. I have described his cock as
not very thick at the point, consequently the first part introduced
itself very easily, but when the pillar pushed its way in, and began to
stretch the parts, it produced a curious sickening feeling, very like as
if I had received a kick on the bottom; so I was obliged to ask him to
halt a little. He was too experienced in the art not to fully understand
my feelings, and knew well it would go off in a minute or two, if I was
left quiet. So pausing until I told him he might now try to get in
further, he drew back a little and applying more spittle to the shaft,
gently and firmly, and slowly guided his prick up to the hilt, or as far
as his belly and my buttocks would allow. Again pausing a little, until
feeling by the throbbing of my prick, which produced the same pressure
on my bum-hole, that I was warming to the work, he began slow movements
of thrusts in and out, which, together with the hot and voluptuous
pressures and movements of my own little partner excited both by Mary’s
finger and my prick, began to fire my passions, and we soon grew very
fierce in our movements. Nothing I could ever have imagined equalled the
extraordinary and delicious ecstasy that the double action produced upon
my erotic nerves. I gasped, I shuddered with the agony of intense
pleasure, and at the moment when the grand and rapturous finale
approached, I actually brayed exactly like a donkey, which, in after
cooler moments, amused all of us. The action of pleasure had come upon
all at once, and we sank in an inert mass on those below us. How poor
Mary endured it astonished us, but the scene had so excited her that she
said it never occurred to her, and she felt nothing. We eventually rose,
and after a necessary purification, partook of wine and cake, which Mr.
MacCallum, with great foresight, had provided. After that he would not
allow us to fuck for some time; and we had a regular romp all about the
room, which we enjoyed very much, and nothing was heard but slaps on our
bottoms, and the wildest rollicking laughter—until our two cocks, by
their stiff-standing, showed that we were again ready to enter on new
combats. This time Lizzie lay down, Mary gamahuched her. Mr. M. got into
her bum-hole, and I proceeded to attempt to do the same to him, but all
to no purpose. I was too heavy hung for his bottom-hole, a very small
one for a man. He had every wish to accommodate me, but do what I would,
I could not overcome the physical difficulties. So reversing our
positions, I lay on my back, Mary straddled over me, my prick was put
into her cunt, and stooping down, and presenting her anus, M. succeeded
more easily than the day before in getting into her bum-hole. Lizzie
standing up with a leg on each side of Mary’s and my body, brought her
quim up to M.’s mouth, and he luxuriously gamahuched her, while his
finger acted _postilion_ in her bottom. The erotic storm raged with
great fury for a long time, and then, growing more fast and furious,
brought us all standing in ecstasies of the most salacious enjoyment,
for us to sink once more into the annihilation of satiated desire. We
lay long wrapped in close embrace. Recovering our senses in long-drawn
sighs, we again refreshed ourselves with wine and cake, and as our
passions were not so quickly reawakened as those of our more excitable
companions, we proceeded to gamahuche them, without their exercising a
like skill upon our pricks. We then had another romp, and replacing Mary
below and Lizzie above, I, this time, fucked her cunt, at her request,
as she said it must not be altogether neglected. M., as previously, took
me behind, and as there was a greater facility, so there was greater
enjoyment, and as our previous exertions had taken off the sharper
appetite, we were enabled to draw out our pleasure to a much greater
length, until at last we died away in all the agony of such a glorious
conjunction of parts. We had one more delicious general fuck before we
parted. Lizzie was again fucked by me, and buggered by Mr. M., which she
declared she preferred to any other combination, my prick so deliriously
gorging her tight little cunt, and making M.’s prick, from the pressure
of my larger weapon in the cunt, feel as tight in her bottom as my prick
did, when nothing but Mary’s finger was in her cunt. We ran our course
with even greater luxury and lasciviousness than before. Lizzie actually
was hysterical with the force of her enjoyment, and we all sank sideways
off poor Mary, and lay long locked in each other’s arms. This, for that
day, ended our most delightful orgie. We purified ourselves, and then
dressed. We parted with many sweet embraces, and promises of renewing
the delightful scenes we had just gone through, and, in fact, we often
and often repeated them, varying from time to time with a visit to the
rocks, lest we should draw observation upon us by constantly going to
the cottage.

Our six weeks came to an end so rapidly that we could hardly believe the
time had already passed. Mamma one morning informed us we were to leave
on the day after the next. You may suppose our disappointment, but there
was no help for it. We met that day at the rocks, we were melancholy at
the thought of parting with our charming friend, whom we now really
loved. We were not near so fiery as usual, but resolved to have one
thorough good orgie the next day at the cottage, as a farewell benefit
to us all. We met, as agreed on, and put in force every art to augment
our pleasures, and every contrivance to excite anew our powers to the
utmost. Both M. and I must have spent six to seven times, but the girls
being more easily excited in their finer organs of coition, went off in
ecstasies some nine or ten times; until fairly exhausted, we had, from
want of power, to give up the game, dress and part. We hoped to meet
again. The girls wept at parting with our delightful friend, to whom we
owed so many delicious orgies. We exchanged addresses, and he promised
to come on a fishing excursion to our neighbourhood, where he hoped we
should find means of renewing the lascivious sports we had already so
much enjoyed. We tore ourselves away from him at last. It will be seen
in the sequel, that unforeseen events carried me to London, or rather
away from home, before we could meet again; and it was in London, at his
own chambers, where we again renewed our charming intercourse, and
practised every art of venery.

We returned home, and mamma again advertised for a governess, and stated
that she required one of not less than thirty years of age, and with
much experience in teaching. Numerous responses were made to the
advertisement; but one lady desired to see mamma and her pupils before
accepting the place, at the same time forwarding very satisfactory
testimonials. Mamma was rather struck with the style of letter, and the
unusual demand of previous acquaintance before entering into final
arrangements. So she wrote to Miss Frankland, begging her to come and
spend three days with us, and if her visit should prove as agreeable to
both as her letter had done to mamma, she had no doubt matters might be
arranged to their mutual satisfaction. Accordingly, at the expected
hour, Miss Frankland arrived. She was, to our then thinking, an elderly
lady, rather above thirty years of age than under, of tall and
commanding figure, somewhat large, but no superfluous fat, broad
shouldered, and wide hipped, with bosoms well separated, but not too
prominent. Her hair was coal black, and her eyes equally so, but with
the most determined expression, rendered more so by very thick eyebrows,
which met in the middle. She showed also a well marked downy moustache,
and the small curly hairs below her head, at the back of her neck,
literally lost themselves beneath her high-necked dress. She always wore
long sleeves, and never showed bare arms. I afterwards found the reason
of this was that her arms were so black with thick hair that she was
ashamed to let them be seen, although, in reality, beautifully formed
and plump. Her mouth was large; it showed animal passion, but at the
same time determined firmness of character. You could not call her
handsome, but there was altogether an appearance of face, expression,
and person that might well be styled a fine woman. As for us, at the
period of first seeing her, we only marked the determined character of
her countenance, and at once dreaded her becoming our governess, as we
felt we should not only have one who would master us, but who would also
be severe in every way. Youth is often a better physiognomist than it is
credited with. It will be seen in the sequel whether we had judged
correctly or not. Suffice it to say that her three days’ visit ended in
her being perfectly satisfied with the offered position, and mamma being
equally satisfied with her. We did not know at the time, but afterwards
found out, that she had made it a _sine qua non_ that she should have
carte blanche as to the use of the rod. She had observed to mamma that
she thought we had been too leniently treated by our late governess, and
it would be necessary to exert severe discipline, which, in her own
experience, she had always found most efficacious. My mother, who had
during the last two months found us rather headstrong and wilful, quite
chimed in with her idea, and gave every authority to do quite as she
liked, either with her girls or her son.

Terms being so arranged, Miss Frankland required a week to make all her
arrangements before definitely taking up her new residence. My mother,
thinking we should be well kept in on the arrival of Miss Frankland,
left us in uninterrupted liberty until then, you may be sure we improved
the occasion, and did our best to make up for the loss of our
inestimable and amiable friend, Mr. MacCallum. Not only did we make use
of the summer house by day, but every night I stole up to my loved
sisters’ room, where we tried to emulate the luxurious scenes of
lubricity we had lately been so deliriously indulging in at the seaside
in Wales. Of course, the week passed far too quickly, and on the
appointed day my mother drove into the town to bring Miss Frankland
home, on the arrival of the coach. My two sisters accompanied her, as
something or other was always wanted for the girls; and as Miss
Frankland and her luggage would quite fill the carriage on their return,
I was left by myself at home, a most fortunate circumstance, as it
turned out.

I was somewhat annoyed at being left alone. But how true it is that “man
proposes and God disposes.” Had I gone with them I should have missed a
most delicious and unexpected treat. I had strolled to the summer house
in a sort of despair at the lost opportunity of again fucking my sisters
before the arrival of the dreaded governess. I was listlessly gazing out
of the window when I suddenly became aware of a lady waving her hand to
me from a gig coming down the road which our summer house commanded. In
an instant I recognised Mrs. Vincent. To run down the hillock, unbolt
the private door, and welcome her to our house, was the work of a
moment. I begged her to get out and walk to the house through the
grounds, her servant could drive round to the stables and wait there.
She did so at once. I never said a word of all being absent until I had
her safe in the summer house. Without a word I seized her round the
waist, and pressing her back on the couch, quickly unbuttoned my
trousers, and pulling up her petticoats, was pushing my stiff prick
against her belly before she was almost aware of my intentions.

“My dear Charlie,” she cried, “what are you at? We shall be discovered,
and it will be my ruin.”

“Oh, no, my ever loved Mrs. Vincent; they are all away to town, and we
have nothing to fear.”

She loved me too well to make further resistance; on the contrary,
seconding me with all her accustomed art, we both quickly sunk in all
the voluptuous raptures of satisfied desire. I would not quit my
position, but kissing her rapturously, I shoved my tongue into her
mouth, and stopped her remonstrances. The excitement of meeting her
after a two months’ separation stimulated my passions to the utmost, and
with hardly bated breath I began a fresh career, but with more
moderation and greater pains to make her a perfect participant in the
raptures I myself was receiving. She thoroughly enjoyed it, and being
relieved from any fear of surprise, after my informing her of the
absence of all the family, she gave way to all the force of her ardent
amorous propensities, enjoyed our delicious fuck thoroughly, and spent
at the same time as myself with screams of satiated passion. After this
I withdrew. She kissed me most tenderly, and said I was as bad and wild
a boy as ever, that she loved me too tenderly ever to refuse me anything
I desired, and begged me to sit by her side and talk of old times.

“No,” I said, “on the contrary, tell me all about yourself; I have not
seen you since your marriage day, and I want to know how the after-part
went off. I was in dread lest our embracings should have left traces
that would make your husband suspect you were not all he had
anticipated.”

“You are a strange boy, my dear Charlie, and more of a man in every way
than many ten years older than yourself. Who would have thought such
ideas would have been running through so young a head. Well, my darling
boy, I was somewhat uneasy on that very point myself, and, indeed, had
fixed the marriage day when I expected I should be unwell on the very
night, but in that I was disappointed; nothing came, and I was driven to
act in the best way I could. I kept my legs close together. I got my
hand down to that part of my person, and kept squeezing my affair as
close as possible. I pressed hard with my fingers on his weapon as he
forced an entrance, and all at once gave way with a scream of apparent
pain, as he gave an extra thrust, and let him penetrate at once. An
inexperienced husband takes much on credit and imagination, I quite
satisfied him that he was the first possessor of my person; but, oh! my
beloved Charlie, I found I was really ready in the family-way, and you,
my dear fellow, are the father of the baby now within my womb.”

“What? I! I! the father of your baby? Oh, dear, darling Mrs. Vincent;
oh, say that again.”

“It is indeed true, my dear Charlie; and the knowledge that I first
possessed you, and you me, reconciles me to giving my husband a child
that is not his.”

“My child! my child!” I cried, and I danced round in a paroxysm of
delight at the idea of being a father. It seemed at once to elevate me
to manhood, and puffed me up with pride. I rushed upon dear Mrs. V.,
embraced her most warmly, and pushing her back on the sofa, said—

“I must see how the little angel looks in his cell.”

I turned up her petticoats, and exposed all her beauteous belly, already
by its swelling showing there was more there than ever went into her
mouth. Her cunt too had become more prominent. I stooped, kissed her
lovely quim, gave it a good suck, then gamahuched her till she cried out
for my prick to fuck her, and a most exquisite and rapturous fuck we
had. The thought that I was baptising my own babe with my sperm
stimulated my lubricity, and we ran a course of the most libidinous
delights until we dissolved away in the most voluptuous death-like
exhaustion of satisfied desires.

“Charlie, my darling, you must get up; remember you may injure the dear
little creature by too great an excess, so pray rise.”

I rose at once, but only to embrace her most tenderly. She complained of
feeling somewhat faint, and said we must now go to the house to get some
wine. We put ourselves in order, and all radiant at the thoughts of
paternity, I strutted along as proud as a peacock, and thinking no small
beer of myself. I hardly knew whether I stood on my head or my heels,
and was quite extravagant in my conduct. Dear Mrs. V. was obliged
seriously to caution me before I could come to a proper reserved
behaviour in presence of the servants. She rested about half an hour,
and was about to order the gig up to the door, but I implored her to
send it round to the road below the summer house, as I should all the
longer have the pleasure of being with her. She smiled, and again gave
me a pat on the cheek, as much as to say, “I understand you, you rogue,”
but did as I suggested. So we proceeded through the grounds, and were at
the summer house some time before the gig could be harnessed and come
round to the road below. I did not wait for that, but embracing darling
Mrs. V., wanted to push her down on the sofa.

“No, no, dear Charlie, that will tumble my dress too much, and we shall
have no time to put it in order; stop, I will kneel on the low couch,
and you will stand behind, I can guide you from below, and you know I
always thought you got further in and gave me more pleasure that way
than any other.”

She knelt down, and I canted her clothes right over her shoulders, and
exhibited her fine buttocks, which, now she was in the family-way, had
widened out, and were fatter and rounder than ever. First gluttonously
kissing them, I brought my prick right against them. Mrs. Vincent
projected her hand behind, seized and guided him into her glowing and
longing cunt, and he plunged at one bound up to the hilt.

“Gently, Charlie dear,” she cried, “remember our dear baby is there, and
you must not be too violent.”

This at once reduced me to moderation. I had a hand on each hip, and as
I slowly glided in, I pressed her splendid buttocks backwards to meet
me. I kept my body upright so as to enjoy the lovely sight of the
movement of her bottom.

“Put your arm round and feel my clitoris, Charlie, dear.”

I did so for a minute, and then whispered—

“It is such delight to gaze on your splendid bum in action, so pray
apply your own finger to your clitoris, and let me enjoy the lovely
sight.”

“Very well, darling.”

And I could feel her frigging away most furiously. This enabled me to
introduce first one and then two fingers into her most delicious
bottom-hole. When I found she was in the greatest state of excitement, I
suddenly shifted my prick, and substituted it for my fingers. In her
surprise and excitement, she had no time to resist, and I glided in, not
too rapidly, quite up as far as I could go. She flinched a little, and
called me a bad fellow, but I held her hips too tight to allow of her
unseating me, even if she had wished. I begged she would let me go on,
for I had never forgotten the delight of doing it this way the night
before her marriage. She made no reply, but I could feel redoubled
action with her finger on her clitoris; and the muscular twitchings of
her loins and sphincter soon convinced me that nothing would please her
better than finishing our course where I was—and most delicious it
proved. We should have died away in loud cries of agonised delight but
for the necessity of prudence, for doubtless the gig was then awaiting
but a few yards off. My darling mistress seemed unwilling to let me
withdraw; she held my prick in such close and firm embrace, throbbing on
it from moment to moment, and so exciting him that she shortly felt he
was again stiffening inside of her. She rose on her legs, and by that
action unsheathed me. Then, turning round, she threw her arms about my
neck, and most tenderly embraced me, thanking me for having given her
such exquisite proofs of love.

“But I must go, my dear Charlie, and I hope we shall have occasionally
some other delicious opportunity of enjoying such raptures again. Say
everything kind to your mother and the girls, and tell them I shall come
ever again shortly and see them all.”

I saw her into her gig, and watched her until a turn in the road hid her
from my sight. I returned to the summer house, and kissed the spot she
had last pressed with her lovely body. My soul was filled with love of
her, and pride that I was man enough to put a babe into her belly. I
strutted about the room, and if anyone could have seen me I should
doubtless have appeared ridiculous. Mamma, our new governess, and the
girls returned to tea. I told them of Mrs. Vincent’s visit, and her
regret at finding them absent, also of her promise to drive over again
on an early day. My mother hoped I had been attentive to her. I said I
had, as well as I could, and had got some wine and biscuits, as she
complained of not feeling very well, she thought the jolting road had
tired her.

It may well be supposed that after the impression our new governess had
made upon us, we were very attentive for some time. Indeed, her system
of teaching was really excellent, far superior, in that respect, to our
former governess. She had a method of interesting you in what she was
teaching, and for quite two months we paid such great attention, and
made such really extraordinary progress, that she could not help
praising us highly to mamma while we were in the room. This was bad
policy, because, with the natural thoughtlessness of youth, we fancied
ourselves so clever that we became less attentive. This was patiently
borne with for some time, probably in consequence of our previous good
behaviour. But at last Lizzie was somewhat impudent when blamed rather
harshly by Miss Frankland.

“Oh! it has come to that, has it? We shall see.” She continued our
lessons until four o’clock as usual, and then desired Lizzie to remain
where she was; she dismissed Mary and me, locked the door on poor
Lizzie, and went away, doubtless for a rod. She soon returned, and
locking herself in, most severely whipped poor Lizzie’s bottom. She sent
her out when it was finished, and Lizzie joined us, weeping bitterly
from the pain she was suffering. We laid her on the couch, and turned
her petticoats over her head to cool her bottom, which she declared felt
as if burning hot coals were spread over it. I kissed the dear red
buttocks that were all covered with weals and looked like raw beef, but
no blood had been drawn. We fanned her with our handkerchiefs, which she
said was a delightful relief. In a very few minutes she began to wriggle
her bottom in a state of excitement, and cried out—

“Dear Charlie, do shove your prick into my cunt, it has begun to long
for a fuck.”

I wanted nothing but this to instantly act, for the sight of her bare
bum had already made my cock stand as stiff as iron. She raised herself
on her hands and knees, presenting the back entrance to her cunt, and
telling me it was there she must have it instantly. I plunged up to the
hilt in a moment, for she was as juicy and moist as if she had spent,
which it is more than probable was the case. Very few powerful thrusts
on my part, seconded by energetic action on hers, and she spent again
with a scream of delight, and with a pressure on my cock that almost
hurt it. She hardly paused a moment before she cried out—

“Shove on, dear Charlie, push it in further if you can, I am burning
with desire.”

She wriggled her backside in every way in the most lascivious and
delicious manner, and when she felt the crisis approaching, by the
increased swelling and hardness of my prick as well as the peculiar
electric effect at the moment, she met my flood of sperm with so copious
a discharge that it literally spurted out and deluged my cods and
thighs. She held me tight, and would not allow me to withdraw until I
had myself spent four times and she seven at least. We then rose, her
nerves calmed by the repeated doses of hot boiling sperm shot into her
interior. She declared that never in all her fucking had she felt such
insatiable desire, or more ravishing delight in satisfying it, that she
would undergo a dozen such floggings to have the same rapturous
enjoyment.

“I am sure,” she said, “it was all the effect of the rod, I never felt
anything like it before.”

Mary all this time had been but a spectator, and a pleased one to see
the erotic fury of her sister and my powerful efforts to allay it. It is
true we had both had a delicious fuck during the time poor Lizzie was
catching it on her backside, and I had just gamahuched her deliciously
afterwards as Lizzie came in in such pain.

Miss Frankland had retired to her room, and looked still flushed and
somewhat wild looking when she joined us after the usual hour’s
recreation. As may well be supposed, we were all as attentive as
possible. There was one circumstance that evidently pleased Miss
Frankland immensely. When Lizzie, in her turn, went up to repeat her
lesson, she suddenly threw her arms round Miss Frankland’s neck, and
with tears running over her cheeks, sobbed out—

“Dear Miss Frankland, pray forgive me, and let me kiss you, for I love
you dearly.”

There was a bright sparkle of delight in Miss Frankland’s eyes. She
clasped Lizzie round the waist, and drew her to her lips in a long sweet
kiss of love, which seemed as if it would never end. We observed Miss
Frankland’s colour rise. She at last put Lizzie away, and said she was a
dear amiable girl, whom she could not help loving.

“Go to your seat, you are too agitated, my dear, to say your lesson just
now; so send Mary up.”

Lizzie came back to her seat, but I could not help fancying I saw a
complete expression of erotic desire on her countenance. When afterwards
we were alone together, she told us that when the governess kissed her,
she felt Miss F.’s tongue glide into her mouth, and “tip her the velvet”
in a most delicious and exciting manner, and she believed that if they
had been alone they must have given each other mutual embraces of a
warmer description. This led me to think that Miss Frankland was herself
rendered lecherous by the action of even wielding the rod. Lizzie during
the whole of the next week did nothing but rave of the excessive
excitement that her whipping had put her into, and the extreme felicity
she felt in having her salacious lechery satisfied. We were not able to
meet every day, for frequently Miss Frankland accompanied us, and joined
in the youthful sports we then gave way to. Lizzie continuing to harp on
the extraordinary enjoyment the whipping had procured her, after it was
over, fired the imagination of Mary, until she was wound up to a pitch
of actually longing to be whipped. In such a case it was easy to incur
the penalty; she had but wilfully to neglect her studies, and she was
sure to get it. This she accordingly did, and it resulted as before.
When released, she rushed to the summer house, and without any
preliminaries, called upon me to fuck her directly; and a very similar
scene followed to that which had occurred when dear Lizzie was whipped.
Mary did not, however, give way to the uncontrollable desire to throw
herself into Miss Frankland’s arms as Lizzie had done. Miss F., as
usual, retired to her room after the punishment was over, and was late
in coming down, with the same flushed face and excited eye. I became
convinced that she herself was salaciously excited by the act, and I
began to fancy that with such passions, if I could but excite her in any
way, it might be worth my while. When once these lecherous ideas were
raised in my imagination, desire soon painted her with every charm of
beauty, and I became excessively lewd and anxious to possess her. The
more I looked at and scanned the really beauteous proportions of her
finely developed form, the more my determination to have her took root,
and grew strong within me.

About this time Miss Frankland, who had become a great favourite with
mamma, obtained permission to take possession of the spare bedroom, with
an understanding that she was to cede it to any visitor who might come.
Of course, this circumstance made my desire to get into her good graces
doubly strong, inasmuch as the opportunity of sleeping with her
afterwards could be so easily effected. I determined to watch her when
retiring to bed, and try to get a view of her naked form. For this
purpose I removed the stopping of moistened bread I had put in the hole
I made to see Mr. Benson fucking his wife. I lay awake, until she came
to bed. I saw her undress, but only caught sight of her naked bubbies,
over her chemise. As I have said, they were not large, but widely
separated, with a fine flat neck up to the throat. I mean that she
showed no collar bone, which is a great beauty in woman. She had
evidently been quite naked, and had used the bidet, but the extent of
the slit in the door did not allow me to command the part of the room
where she had used it. I remedied this defect next day, and the
following night was rewarded with a most glorious sight. You may well
suppose that I did not let sleep overcome me, but was at my post as soon
as ever I heard her enter her room. I was on my knees in a moment, at my
peephole, and saw her deliberately undress to her chemise. She then
arranged all her magnificent head of hair, brushing it out as far and
further than her arms would extend; and after well brushing and combing
it, she plaited and rolled it up, in a great big rouleau behind, then
washing her hands, she drew out the bidet, poured water into it, and
then divested herself of her shift. She was standing in front of the
dressing-table, with two candles shining on her, so that when she lifted
her shift over her head; I had a well-lighted full view of her
wonderfully covered belly. She was all over hair; it was as black as
coal, and shone as if polished in all its beautiful curls. I am now an
old man, but never have I seen the equal to that dear woman in a hairy
belly. It was quite up to her navel, and several inches down the inside
of her thighs, besides running thickly in the chinks of her bottom, and
with two bunches where the beautiful back dimple is usually situated, as
thick, and even thicker than ordinary women have in on their mounts. In
addition to this, there was a beautiful little line of curls that ran up
her belly, as far as between her bubbies, to say nothing of the very
hairy thighs, legs, and arms. I never saw a more deliciously hairy
woman, and she was all that such excessive growth of hair
denoted—passionate and lecherous to a degree, when once she had
confidence in her companion, to let her feelings have vent. Of course, I
am now describing my after-experience; at the moment I was only dazzled
by the extraordinary richness and quantity of that exquisite
ornament—hair—not only in splendid quantity on the head, but in a
profusion such as I had never then and have not since witnessed. I was
struck dumb with astonishment and admiration. She laved her hairy cunt,
and all the adjacent parts, then wiped herself dry, put on her
nightgown, extinguished her light, and, of course, got into bed. So did
I but only to toss and tumble, and at last, in troubled sleep, to dream
of that most gloriously covered cunt, and to imagine myself revelling
therein. So great was my excitement that I had the first wet dream I
ever experienced. It is needless to say, it was under the dreaming idea
that I was enjoying to the utmost that wonder cunt.

I was quite exhausted by morning with such a restless night, and was not
only very _distrait_, but was really so fatigued that I could not attend
to my lessons. Of course Miss Frankland noticed this, and being unaware
of the cause, attributed it to wilful idleness and bravado of her
authority. She spoke very gravely and seriously to me, and told me if I
did not improve my conduct by next day it would be her painful duty to
punish me with severity.

“I expect to see you exhibit very different conduct tomorrow, otherwise
you will drive me to do that which I would much rather not.”

It rained hard that afternoon, and we had to amuse ourselves within
doors. On retiring for the night, I determined to watch again for Miss
Frankland, but my want of rest the previous night overpowered me, and I
fell fast asleep until far in the night. I rose and crept to my
peephole, but all was dark. I could hear Miss Frankland breathing
heavily. The thought at once struck me that I might safely steal up to
my sisters’ room, as they were now alone, since Miss F. had the previous
night removed to the spare bedroom, where she was now fast asleep. So
softly opening my door, and leaving it ajar, I crept along the passage,
gained my sisters’ room, and gently awakening them, jumped in between
them, to their great joy and satisfaction. We immediately began with a
gamahuche, I taking Mary’s cunt, while Lizzie crossed her legs over her
head, and was gamahuched by Mary, whose finger was at the same time
acting _postilion_ to her charming bottom-hole, while I had the
exquisite prospect before me of their operations. As soon as ever Mary
spent I made Lizzie lie down on her back, with her head towards the
bottom of the bed, Mary knelt over her in the opposite direction,
presenting her very full backside, which was daily developing larger
proportions. I plunged into her cunt, plugging her little rosy bum-hole
at the same time with my middle finger, while Lizzie did as much for me,
at the same time rubbing Mary’s clitoris with the fleshy end of the
thumb, while Mary, at the same time she herself was fucked and frigged
in two places, was employed in gamahuching Lizzie, and frigging her
bottom-hole with two fingers, Lizzie declaring that one finger felt as
nothing. We lengthened out our delicious proceedings until excess of
excitement compelled us to give way to all the fury of our feelings, and
we managed to spend all together with such rapturous and lascivious
delight as rendered us quite powerless for some time. We then had a
delicious cuddle, the girls having each one hand on my prick and the
other on my buttocks. When we had once more worked ourselves up to
fucking heat, we reversed the previous position, and I fucked Lizzie.
Mary was gamahuched and bottom-fingered by Lizzie, while she employed
herself with Lizzie’s clitoris and my bum-hole. Lizzie was far hotter
and more salacious than any of us, and spent copiously on my delighted
prick, which enjoyed excessively the warm bath of glutinous liquid that
was poured down upon it. I gave a few slow-drawn thrusts in and out, to
moisten well its whole shaft, and removing my two fingers from her
delicious bottom-hole, and wetting it with my saliva, I withdrew my
prick from the reeking sheath of her cunt, and to her great delight
slowly housed it in her longing and exquisitely delicious bottom-hole,
keeping it quiet there for some time, so as not to spend before Lizzie
was ready. I enjoyed the delicious throbbing of her body, which at last
becoming too exciting, I stooped over her, passed a hand under her
belly, replaced Mary’s fingers, rubbing her clitoris while Mary frigged
her cunt with two fingers thrust into it. We thus quickly brought
matters to an end, and died off in all the ecstasies of satiated lust.
As daylight was beginning to dawn, I tore myself from their loving
embraces, gained my room in safety, and slept the sleep of the just
until late in the morning.

My orgie with my sisters had so far satisfied my animal passions that I
rather began to dread the severity I knew Miss Frankland would use if I
came under her hand. This made me so far attentive next day as to
satisfy her; and as it was a fine afternoon she came out to walk in the
garden, while we innocently amused ourselves. That evening I kept awake,
and again enjoyed the superb display of Miss Frankland’s wonderfully
hairy cunt, all the lower part of her body was as black as a chimney
sweeper’s. The sight awakened every lustful feeling within me. I felt I
must possess her, and determined to brave the severest infliction she
could give me with the rod. I somehow, instinctively, arrived at the
conclusion that this extraordinary profusion of hair could only grow
where nature had implanted the hottest animal passions, and had but to
greatly excite them to turn their lust to my advantage. I determined
that tomorrow I should bring things to a crisis, and that I might be
equal to every effort I went to my bed, and did not attempt to steal up
to my sisters’ room. Next day nothing could be made of me in the
morning; Miss Frankland sternly warned me that if such conduct was
pursued after dinner nothing should save my skin from a severe
scourging. However, my mind was made up, and I went in “for the whole
hog,” as our vulgar Yankee cousins say. I was more idle and
insubordinate than ever. Miss F. looked thunder; at four o’clock she
ordered me to stay, and the girls to go. She then locked the door, took
out from the desk a formidable rod, and told me to approach her. I did
so—really half in fear, for she could look dreadfully fierce and
determined, in which case I came up to her side.

“Now, Charles,” she said, “your conduct, for two or three days past, has
been such as I cannot put up with. Your mother has given me full power
to punish any of you severely, if I think you deserve it; you are
getting to be of an age that I hoped you would have so acted as to give
me no cause of offence, but I am sorry to see my hopes are disappointed.
I am now about to punish you, submit to it quietly, or it will be all
the worse for you. Unbutton and put down your trousers.”

I felt I must submit, but when brought to this point I really so much
dreaded her that there was not the slightest erection in poor cockey.

While I was undoing my trousers, I observed that Miss Frankland had
quite lifted up her outer frock, and had sat down, evidently intending
to flog me across her knee. Both being ready, she told me to put the
footstool by her side and kneel upon it, then desiring me to bend
forward over her knees she put one hand over my body to hold me down;
then uncovering my bottom, and taking the rod, which was by her side,
she raised her arm and gave me a fearful cut, which made me not only
flinch, but cry out most lustily. Blow followed blow, causing at first
great agony, that made me cry again in good earnest; then the very
continuance of the blows seemed to deaden the parts until I hardly felt
them. This was succeeded by a titillation and lascivious excitement
which speedily brought my prick out in the fullest vigour. I then began
to push it against Miss Frankland’s thigh, and to wriggle myself nearly
off her knees. Seemingly to prevent this, she passed her left arm quite
round my body, bringing her hand under my belly, and, apparently by
accident, against my prick, which she grasped, and I could feel her hand
pass both up and down it as if she was measuring its length and
thickness, continuing all the time to shower down blow after blow on my
devoted backside. As she held a firm grasp on my prick, I pretended to
be evading the blows, while in reality I was thrusting it in and out of
her hand with the utmost energy and excitement, which speedily brought
on the delightful crisis, and with a cry of rapture I gave down a
copious discharge into her hand, and sank almost senseless on her lap. I
pretended complete loss of consciousness, which she believing, she
gently felt, and even frigged a little, my prick, pressing me the while
close to her body, and then I felt a shudder run through her whole
frame. I have no doubt she was in a paroxysm of lust, and had spent, I
gave her time to recover a little, and then pretending to come to my
senses, but in a confused state of ideas, said—

“Oh, what has happened? I have been in heaven!”

Then raising myself, and apparently only just recognising Miss
Frankland, I threw my arms round her neck, and exclaimed—

“Dear Miss Frankland, do flog me again if it will produce again such
ecstasies as I never before experienced.”

Her face was flushed, her eye shone with all the fire of libidinous
passion. My prick had hardly lost its stiffness when I spent, and was
now projecting out firmer than ever.

“Why, Charles, I thought you a mere boy, while you are quite a man with
such a thing as this.”

“Oh!” I cried, “do continue to hold it, you give me such pleasure!”

“Has anyone else ever held it in this way?”

“No, I never felt anything like it before.”

“But don’t you know what this is meant to do?”

“Oh, yes, it is what I piddle from.”

She laughed, and asked if it was often in its present state of
stiffness.

“Every morning when I awake it is so, and it hurts me very much until I
piddle.”

“And has no one ever taught you any other use of it?”

“No, what use can it be of?”

“You dear innocent boy, if I could trust you, I would teach you a secret
that this dear thing would greatly enjoy. But can I trust you?”

“Oh, certainly, dear Miss Frankland, I know what you mean now, to repeat
the delicious sensations you gave me a few minutes ago. Oh, do, do! do
it again, it was far too nice for me ever to tell anybody, as long as
you will do it for me.”

“Well, Charles, I will trust you. Do you know that women are differently
formed from you?”

“Yes, I used to sleep in mamma’s room, and I have often been surprised
to see that she piddled from a long hole, and had not got a doodle like
I have to piddle from.”

“My dear innocent Charlie, that long hole was made to take in this dear
fellow here that is throbbing almost to bursting in my hand, and if you
promise me faithfully never to tell anyone, I will teach you how it is
done.”

You may be sure my protestations of secrecy were most earnest.

“Look here then, my dear boy, and see what I have got between my legs.”

She laid herself back on the long chair, drew up her petticoats, and
exhibited to my charmed gaze the wondrous wealth of hair she possessed.
Opening her legs, I saw the wide-spread rosy lips showing themselves in
beautiful contrast to the coal-black hair that grew in the greatest
profusion all round the lower lips, and extended also some five or six
inches down the side of each thigh. But what at the moment most
astonished me, and drew all my attention, was to see a deep red clitoris
standing out from the upper part of her cunt quite stiff, and as long
and as thick as the middle finger of a man. I very nearly betrayed
myself at the sight, but, fortunately, was able to keep up the character
of apparent ignorance I had hitherto shown, and said—“You, also, have
got a little doodle to piddle with?”

She laughed, and said—

“It is very different from yours. Give me yours here, that I may kiss
it.”

She fondled it for a second or two, and then could not resist the
impulse to take it into her mouth and suck it.

“Oh, what pleasure! I shall die!”

“Not yet, dear boy; kneel down there, and I shall instruct you in the
real secret of pleasure.”

But, before she could do anything, I threw my head down, crying out—

“I must give this pretty little fellow a taste of the pleasure you have
just given mine.”

And in an instant I had the delicious thing up to the root in my mouth,
sucking furiously at it. Her twistings, and up and down action of her
loins, showed how rapturously I was exciting her, in fact, I brought on
the crisis, when she pressed my head down hard upon it, and closed her
thighs on each side of my head, as she poured over my chin and breast a
perfect torrent of sperm. A minute after she seized my arms, and drew me
up on her belly, then slipping her hand down between us, she seized my
prick and guided him, nothing loath, into her burning hot and foaming
cunt. She placed her hands on my buttocks, and pressing me right up to
the hilt, began a movement which she told me how to second, that in a
very short time brought down an exquisite spend from me. The idea that
she was giving me the first lesson in love, and of being the first
possessor of my person, seemed to excite her lust to the utmost, and she
immediately followed my discharge with another, so copious that it
spurted all over my thighs. Her force of pressure on my prick in her
agonies of enjoyment was so great as nearly to hurt me. I never knew
anyone but her with such strength of pressure of cunt on the prick. She
has often actually brought tears into my eyes, so powerful was her grip
that it made me really feel as if in a vice. She lay back with closed
eyes and panting bosom in a rapturous trance of lascivious lubricity,
her throbbing cunt holding me tightly pressed between its palpitating
folds in the most delicious imprisonment, and from time to time grasping
my prick with a pressure that very shortly restored it to its fullest
vigour and stiffness. She was as hot as fire and responded immediately
to the renewed life she found stirring within me. She gave way to her
salacious lust with, if anything, a more passionate excess than the
first time. My superb weapon seemed to stir up within her a force of
lubricity that nothing could seem to satisfy. Her hands clutched my
buttocks convulsively, and seemed to wish to force my whole body into
her wildly excited cunt. With such vigour was the action carried on that
the grand crisis soon arrived, most rapturous to both, and almost
maddening to Miss Frankland. The heavings of her body and gaspings for
breath were quite hysterical, while, with one of those real vice-like
pressures, I felt as if she were nipping my prick in two. It was not a
mere throbbing pressure, but a long continued convulsive squeeze, as if
her cunt had been seized like the jaws of the mouth with lock-jaw, and
could not open. It was nearly ten minutes before she recovered her
senses. She seized my head between her hands, kissed me most lovingly,
declared I was the dearest creature that ever lived, that she had never
before had anyone who had so satisfied her, and filled her with
inexpressible rapture, &c. This fondling had again brought up my prick
to full stand. Miss Frankland said—

“Dear Charlie, we must be prudent, as the time is drawing near for your
sisters’ return.”

But there was no stopping, the exquisite pleasure of her splendid
interior cunt pressures was irresistible. My movements speedily
determined matters in my favour. Miss Frankland’s temperament was far
too warm not to quickly set her passions to the highest fucking heat;
and again we had a most exquisite fuck, lengthened out more luxuriously
by the more urgent fires of desire having been moderated by the three
previous discharges. With more abandon we both sank in the death-like
ecstasies of the delicious melting away in all the luxury of contented
and voluptuous discharges. Miss Frankland lay for some short time
luxuriously closing in my delighted prick, but raising her body, she
said—

“Charles, we must cease for the present.”

And, pushing me away, I was forced to withdraw; but her dear cunt seemed
as reluctant as myself, and held my prick so tight that I had to pull
hard to draw it out, and, at last, he left with a noise like drawing a
cork from a well-corked bottle. Before I rose, or she could hinder me, I
threw myself down and glued my lips to her reeking cunt, and greedily
licked up the foaming sperm that had surged out of her well-gorged quim.
She with difficulty drew away her body, but as I rose she clasped me to
her bosom and kissed me most fervently, and licked her own sperm off my
richly covered lips. Begging me to button up, and putting herself to
rights, she desired me to sit down by her side. She wiped my mouth with
her handkerchief, arranged my disordered neck-tie, collar, and hair. We
then embraced most tenderly, and she thanked me for the immense
gratification I had given her; she praised my parts as being of
extraordinary development and more satisfying than any she had yet had
any experience of. This was the second time she referred to other
experiences. I took no notice of this all the time, as if I was supposed
to be too ignorant or innocent to think any harm of it, but I determined
in some excess of passion to get her to give me a recital of some of her
previous experiences.

Before my sisters came in, she said—

“I shall try and arrange some means for our meeting unobserved tomorrow.
Meanwhile, you must sit as if you had been severely punished, and I
shall assert that you had done everything to resist my authority, for
which I had punished you further by not allowing you to leave the
schoolroom.”

I said not a word to Miss F. about the ease of meeting by merely opening
the door of communication between our rooms. I was afraid to make her
suspicious of a former use of it. But I determined, when she came to
bed, to rap at the door and beg her to open it, and I had no doubt she
would be as delighted as myself to find with what facility she could
indulge to the utmost every libidinous passion which her lascivious
nature could suggest. My sisters returned, and appeared disappointed
that I had not been able to join them, as they had anticipated a
glorious fuck or two each, after the whipping had excited me as it did
them. They told me afterwards they had been obliged to content
themselves with a double mutual gamahuche, but it did not make up for my
absence.

While they were all engaged after tea, I slipped up to Miss Frankland’s
room to see that the key was in the lock of the door between our two
rooms. I opened it, oiled the hinges, and locked it again from her side.
I also, with a view to sometimes slipping up to my sisters’ room, oiled
my own and their doors, hinges, and locks, as now that the ice was
broken with Miss Frankland, it would be necessary to be doubly careful
not to excite suspicion of my visits to my sisters. Having finished
everything to my satisfaction, I joined them in the drawing room, and
while my sisters were playing duets on the piano to mamma, I challenged
Miss Frankland to a game of chess. She, of course, was a far superior
player to me, but our legs meeting under the chess table, her little
charming foot sought mine, rested on it, and pressed it from time to
time. This distraction of her ideas enabled me to win two games
successively. My mother sent the girls to bed, and told me to follow
their example, but as I did not wish to lie long waiting for Miss
Frankland’s appearance in her bedroom, I pleaded for relaxation in the
hour of retiring, to enable Miss Frankland to regain her chance of
beating me, at the same time pressing her foot as a sign to her to
second my request. She took the hint, though she had no idea of the
object. Mamma came near us to look over our game. This induced Miss
Frankland to play with more caution and thought, and she won three games
in succession, making her the final winner. Mamma now said I must go to
bed, as it was very late for me. She still treated me as a child. I,
however, had gained my object in obtaining nearly two hours’ delay in
going to bed, so that I had not long to wait before I heard Miss
Frankland enter her room. I determined to let her finish her toilet
before I called her attention to me. I watched through my peephole, and
could now calmly and leisurely see all the beauties of her
well-developed form, and the rich wealth of hair she possessed. She went
through all her ablutions as usual. I observed she also used a syringe
to thoroughly purify the inside of her glorious cunt. When she had dried
herself, and was about to pull on her chemise, I rapped on the door of
communication, and in a loud whisper called her attention to me.

“Are you there, Charlie?”

“Yes, pray unlock the door and open it, that I may come to you.”

She actually had not yet discovered that the door, locked and bolted on
her side, communicated with my bedroom, but her delight at the discovery
was greater than her surprise. I flew into her arms, and was hugged to
her bosom, and covered with kisses. But as my prick was in a bursting
state of erection, I drew her to the bed, upon which we both threw
ourselves, she on her back, and I above, and in an instant I was
engulphed up to the cods in her glorious and glowing cunt, and we ran an
eager course of rapturous thrustings, until nature could stand no more,
and we sank in all the delights of a most delicious mutual spend. I lay
soaking in bliss for some time, and after fondling each other, Miss
Frankland said—,

“Get up, dear Charlie, and let us get into bed.”

For we had been in too great haste to do otherwise than tumble on the
top to it. My charming bedfellow also rose for a necessary purpose,
which I had interrupted when I knocked at the door. She sat down on the
_pot de chambre_, and a mighty rush of water followed. I cried—

“Oh, do let me see you piddle from your beautiful fanny.”

I still kept up my character of innocence, and used none but infantine
words in reference to our organs of generation.

She laughed, but pulled up her shift, and raised her thighs above the
pot, so advancing the light, I had the delicious sight of her
wide-stretched cunt, pouring out a stream of piddle with great force.
Her position brought out all the beauties of the vast wide-spread mass
of black curly hair that thickly covered all the lower part of her
magnificent quim, ran down each thigh, up between her buttocks, and
opening out on her back, had two bunches just below the two beautiful
dimples that were so charmingly developed below her waist. There was as
much hair there as most women have on their mons Veneris. Her whole body
had fine straight silky hair on it, very thick on the shoulders, arms
and legs, with a beautiful creamy skin showing below. She was the
hairiest woman I ever saw, which, doubtless, arose from or was the cause
of her extraordinary lustful and luxurious temperament. The sight I was
indulging in brought out my pego in full bloom; as we both rose she saw
it sticking out under my shirt.

“Off with all that, and let me gaze on your charming young perfections.”

I did as she desired, begged her to do the same, and there she stood, in
all the glory of her superb form. We encircled each other’s naked
bodies, and then turned each other round to gaze on all the exciting
charms displayed to each other.

“Come, my darling boy, and let me kiss and fondle you all over.”

She laid me on my back, reversed herself above me, and taking my prick
in her mouth, after first feeling it most gently, and praising its large
proportions, again declaring it was the finest she had ever seen, she
began to gamahuche me with a skill such as I had never before
experienced, and gave me the most exquisite and most luxurious delight.
For my part, seeing her wonderful clitoris, stiff standing out of the
bright red lips of her luscious cunt, I took it bodily into my mouth,
sucked it, and rolled my tongue about it, to the evident delight of my
salacious companion. Her buttocks rose and fell, and the lips of her
cunt immediately before my eyes opened, or closely pressed the lips
together, showing the delicious nature of her enjoyment. I felt her put
her hand to my bottom and insert her finger, and begin frigging me
there. I let her see how it pleased me. She stopped a moment, to beg me
to do the same to her, anticipating my earnest desire to do so. I lost
no time in following her example. The parts adjacent were well
lubricated by our previous indulgence, and first inserting two fingers
into her deliciously juicy cunt to moisten them, I slipped one of them
into her charming bottom-hole, and finding great ease of space, slipped
the second in as well. My other hand and arm embraced and caressed her
magnificent backside, which rose and fell on my face with unwearied
speed, as my finger frigged her bottom-hole in unison with her
movements, and my mouth more closely sucked her stiffly excited
clitoris.

Her whole body became convulsed with erotic movements, showing what
force of lubricity our mutual embracings were most rapturously exciting.
I, too, grew wild with desire, and was equally energetic in my
movements, and would have thrust my prick down her throat but for her
hand, which grasped the lower part of the shaft. The rapturous crisis
came at last and laid us prostrate with soul-killing ecstasies. We each
retained the dear object of our mutual caresses within our lips and our
fingers remained within the delightful recesses that had so much
contributed to the excessive raptures we had enjoyed. We lay for some
time in this sweet languid enjoyment. Miss Frankland then rose from off
me, saying—

“My darling boy, we must now get into bed.” We did so, quite naked as we
were, closely embracing, and covering each other with kisses and
caresses, murmuring soft terms of endearment, and in whispered accents
told of the ecstatic joys each had given the other. Our hands wandered
over every charm. Miss Frankland had an art of gently passing her
fingers over my prick that had the instant effect of raising him into
the fullest vigour. It was the most exquisite method of feeling my cock
I ever experienced. She seemed scarcely to touch it, but drew her
fingers along its length, from foot to head, with a delicacy of touch I
have never found equalled by any other woman. The effect was magical,
and invariable, no matter how many times I might have fucked her before.
With her hot temperament, and excessive lubricity, it was almost a
necessary art. She was one of those libidinous natures that could well
employ several men at once. At my happy age, she found ready to her hand
one who could respond to her every desire in every way, so happily does
nature second youth and health that she never found me wanting, when
called on. There was no excess of lubricity we did not afterwards
practise. We satisfied our passions in every way in which they could be
indulged, nor did we hesitate at anything which imagination could fancy
would stimulate them. She was surprised at my aptitude, and rejoiced and
congratulated herself on having found so powerful and charming a
satisfier of her libidinous nature. How delighted she was to think she
was the first to cull the sweets of my innocence, and how happy to find
so apt a scholar, who in one sweet lesson became a master of the art.
The more I gained experience of the charming sex, the more I appreciated
the wisdom of the counsels of my really first and ever loved mistress,
dear, charming, lovely Mrs. Benson. How truly she had foretold that all
who might hereafter think that they were giving me the first lesson in
love would doubly, trebly, a hundred fold enjoy the sweet intercourse
from such self-deception. Here was my fiery Miss Frankland, who had had
considerable experience in the amatory world, pluming herself upon
instructing an innocent youth in all the mysteries of the passions for
the first time. It evidently added immensely to her excitement. Indeed,
in our after-conversation, she avowed that as it was the first time she
had ever taken the maidenhead of a youth, so it had been the greatest
degree of excitement she had ever experienced. I might fancy her delight
at finding combined with such a satisfaction a wonderfully well hung
youth, and who proved so apt, and so equal to every luxurious whim that
the most erotic lust could suggest. But I digress. At present, her magic
touch had brought me up to bursting point, she threw a leg over me, and
raising her body, said she would help herself this time. Guiding my
prick to the wanton lips that were longing for him, she sank slowly down
on the stiff pole on which she was so delightedly impaling herself,
until our hairs were crushed beneath her weight, and nothing more could
be engulphed. She again rose, until the edge of the nut showed itself at
the mouth of her cunt, and then as slowly sheathed it again. She
continued this exquisite movement for some time, to our delicious mutual
enjoyment, then falling down on my belly, and telling me to pass my arm
round her bottom and finger her as before, she glued herself to my lips,
our tongues interlaced, and shot in and out of our luxurious mouths; our
movement grew fast and furious, until we again sank in all the luxury of
the last grand crisis. It was the very act of voluptuous rapture, and we
lay lost to every sense but that of erotic ecstasy and satisfied lust.
When we recovered our senses, she lay down by my side, cuddling me most
closely, and toying and prattling, until she thought we had paused long
enough. She slid her hand down to my prick, and very quickly, by her
delicious and delicate handling of it, renewed its full vigour. Throwing
her right leg over me, while lying on her back, she heaved up her body
into a position half turned to my belly, I lying on my side; she then
bid me embrace her other thigh between mine, then guiding cockey to the
entrance, she gave a push backwards, to meet my forward thrust, when it
was instantly sheathed to the hilt.

“Now, my darling boy, in this way we can lengthen out our pleasures as
long as we please; you can make me spend oftener than yourself, which
will satisfy my very lustful nature, and not over exhaust your young
powers.”

Giving one or two delicious side wriggles to her bottom, and nestling
her backside close to my belly, she told me to pass my left arm under
her waist that I might embrace her left bubby and finger its nipple,
a proceeding which she told me was as exciting as playing with her
clitoris—then turning her head, our tongues interlaced; she put my
right hand down to her stiff-projecting clitoris, which I continued
to frig just as I might have done to a boy’s cock. Keeping up a slow
in and out movement with my prick, excited by so many points of
lascivious friction, she spent most copiously before I was prepared to
join her. Her head sank back in the ecstasy of her discharge, drawing
away from me, and leaving my mouth free. I instantly dropped it upon
her other firm and elastic bubby, at which I sucked away, pushing my
prick as far as possible into her cunt, and leaving it there, without
movement, to enjoy the rapture-giving pressures of her delicious cunt,
slowly passing my hand up and down her still sufficiently indurated
clitoris. She lay for some time in the luxurious enjoyment of the
position, then once more sucking my lips, she thanked me over and
over again for the pleasure I had given her, heightened as it was by
knowing that it had not exhausted me. I began to move slowly in and
out, keeping up my movements at the other points of excitement. She
was ready on the instant to second me, and as she meant this time that
we should spend together she left nothing to desire. Her movements
were of the most exciting and stimulating description, and we were not
long before the ecstatic moment arrived, and we sank in the lap of
luxury, pouring forth streams of ecstatic bliss. We lay close locked
in the most delicious embrace, only conscious of unutterable joy. It
was some time before we could venture to break this exquisite trance
of enjoyment. It was followed by the sweetest toyings and prattlings,
until again my delighted prick, stimulated by the internal pressures
of the luxurious sheath in which it had remained engulphed, again
awoke her scarce-slumbering passions to dash on pleasure’s heavenly
course. Again she spent before me with, if anything, increased rapture,
and, after a pause, renewing her lascivious movements in response to
my own, we sank in a perfect death-like swoon of thoroughly satiated
lust, and gradually and imperceptibly fell into the deepest slumber for
many hours, locked as we were in each other’s arms. Her wonderfully
retentive power of cunt held my happy prick a willing prisoner through
our long sleep. I awoke first, to find it standing stiff within the
charmed circle which even in her sleep was deliciously grasping it
with its nervous folds. I passed my hand down to her clitoris, and
began fucking her. She heaved her bottom up and down, and murmured some
incoherent words, being evidently still under the influence of sleep,
and probably dreaming of some former events, for in her half expressed
murmurings, I could make out something—

“Henry—my only—ever loved one—meet again—oh! how ineffable—how
exquisitely delicious. Do push it in—more faster—beloved of my soul.”

She clasped me with a hug, as if she would make but one body of us both,
and spent with a scream of agonized delight, pouring down and spurting
out a perfect torrent of boiling spunk all over my cods and thighs.

“Dearest, beloved Henry, it is too much,” she uttered, and fainted away.

I lay quite still, and determined not to speak until she should come to
herself. It was evident her dreams had brought back some former loved
and happy man and no doubt the fact of my being in possession, in full
fuck, had made her believe in the reality of her sleeping thoughts. She
was quite a quarter of an hour before recovering her senses; daylight
had broken, and she looked round in a sort of alarm, and exclaimed—

“Where am I?”

Then her eye catching my face—

“Oh! my darling Charlie, it is you! I have been dreaming of being far
away, and, I suppose, the fact of your dear weapon throbbing within me
made me think of former events. Well, the dream had its pleasures, if
only in a dream.”

“It was no dream, my dear Miss Frankland, or at least, only partially
so, as far as regarded your loved Henry—for that was the name you
applied to me, and most deliciously did you embrace me under the idea,
and die away in an excess of pleasure I quite envied; but you alarmed me
by really fainting afterwards. I am so pleased to have turned a mere
vision of the night into ecstatic reality, and I am not at all jealous
of your former lover, because had you not had any, you would, probably,
never have loved me. Oh, no! I should never be jealous of you my dear
mistress. I would even like to see you in all the ecstasies of passion,
in the arms of another, provided that I should share in your delights.”

She listened in an astonishment, acknowledged that she had imagined
herself in the arms of one she had greatly loved, and had thought the
whole affair was a dream, and was not conscious of its absolute reality
as to her being fucked.

“Well, I must have mine now, feel how it is bursting for relief.”

“Yes, yes, the dear fellow, push him away, my Charlie, and you will see,
I shall enjoy the real Charlie quite as much as the dreamt-of Henry—of
whom I shall some day speak to you. You are worthy of him and of me—and
I fear I shall love you as I do him, far too dearly.”

Then lending herself to the work we were at, she did, indeed, exert all
her lascivious power, and we enjoyed such a fuck as seldom falls to
mortals here below. We lay prostrate and panting with satisfied lust,
until prompted by the urgency of natural wants we were both obliged to
rise and relieve ourselves. My darling mistress then used her bidet and
told me to lave my parts in the basin, as it was not only cool and
refreshing, but also reinvigorating. After which as it was now broad
daylight, she allowed me to pose her, and turn her in every position,
that I might admire and handle every part of her superb form. Her bottom
was larger and harder than any I had yet seen, and, indeed, excepting
one, of which, dear reader you will presently hear something, it was
about the finest in form and size of any I ever met with. Of course,
this handling was not effected without producing erotic excitement in
both parties. Miss Frankland had occupied herself as much with me as I
had done with her, and her beautifully large clitoris was showing its
head in full stand out from among the vast mass of bushy curls
surrounding it. I proposed we should have a mutual suck on the floor,
with her bottom to the light, that I might have a full view of all her
glorious parts. She humoured my fancy, and pulling a couple of pillows
off the bed to prop up my head, she stepped across my body, and kneeling
down, took my prick in her mouth, and brought her splendid backside and
lascivious cunt down to my face. I first glued my lips to the open cunt,
thrust my chin in, and then my tongue, as far as I could reach, licking
the luscious moisture which our previous handlings had excited; it was
as sweet and delicious as cream. This stimulated her very much, and she
closed the sides of her cunt upon my tongue so closely as to give it a
good squeeze. I never saw a woman but her, who had such a wonderful
power in that way. My nose actually felt it was reciprocating the
pressures of the cunt, so I changed the venue, and slipped my tongue
into her bottom-hole, evidently to her excessive delight. But things
were approaching a crisis, and she cried to me to take her clitoris in
my mouth, and substitute fingers in both the other orifices. This I
quickly did, while she sucked and postillioned me, handling the root of
my prick, and my buttocks with the delicious gentle titillations in
which she had such skill, until, in an excess of joy, we both poured a
tribute of sperm into each other’s mouths, and both greedily swallowed
it. After this we got into bed again, to have one loving cuddle before
parting. Of course, it ended in raising such a storm of desire as a fuck
could only allay—she said—

“My loved Charlie, this must really be the last.”

I told her it had so excited me to see her splendid bum before my eyes
when we were on the floor that I should like to kneel behind and put it
in that way. I really meant into her cunt, but she thought I meant her
bottom-hole, and said—

“Well, you are a strange boy, what on earth made you think you could put
that great big thing of yours into my bottom-hole; but, to tell you the
truth, after being well fucked, I rather like it that way, so you shall
try, but you must be gentle in getting in.”

I said, “I did not know I could do it that way with my prick, I meant to
put it into your cunt from behind, but now, from what you say, I should
like to try what the other is like.”

You see, I was keeping up my apparent ignorance. She turned on her face,
and keeping her head on the pillow, drew up her knees to her belly and
exposed to the greatest advantage her glorious backside. I knelt behind,
but previous to beginning, I glued my lips to the delicious orifice, and
shoved my tongue in as far as I could, and deliriously excited her. Then
approaching my stiff-standing prick, and thrusting it into her cunt up
to the roots two or three times, so as thoroughly to lubricate it, I
withdrew and placed it before the smaller temple of lust; then, by a
gentle uniform pressure, I gradually and almost imperceptibly glided in
to the utmost extent. She pushed her bottom out, and, I could feel, was
straining as if to void something, which is the real method to
accelerate the entrance of a prick in that enchanting channel with the
least difficulty and pain. We then commenced a slow movement—she wanted
me to stoop forward and place my arm round her body, and frig her
clitoris, but I begged her to do it herself, and allow me the luxury of
looking on the delightful wriggling of her superb backside, and also the
sight of my own prick surging in and then withdrawing. She humoured me,
and we had a most exquisite fuck. Her bottom-hole had hardly so tight a
pressure as she could exercise with her cunt, but, nevertheless, it held
me in very firmly, and had a peculiar heat which was most exciting. We
both died off together, she so completely overcome with ecstatic delight
that her body sank flat on the bed, drawing me with her, without
unsheathing my weapon. We lay for a short period, she convulsively
shuddering from time to time with the intense degree of excitement this
delicious route had produced upon her. At last she begged me to rise and
relieve her. As we must now separate, I rose. She assisted me in my
ablutions, put on my nightshirt, conducted me to my bed, fondly kissed
and thanked me for the exquisite night of every species of delight I had
conferred upon her, promising a repetition the following night. She left
me and locked the door of communication, but previously unlocked mine,
in case I should oversleep myself.

Thus ended the first delightful night I ever passed with that most
charming and deliciously lascivious woman—the first of many scores that
followed, but in none of which were her raptures more intense, if as
much. She ever after dwelt on the night when she had been the happy
means of initiating me into all love’s mysteries, for she never knew of
my previous experiences, and always plumed and prided herself on being
my first instructress.

The next day I was somewhat somnolent, of which you may be sure Miss
Frankland took no notice. She retired to her own room when we went for
our recreation. My sisters scolded me for not coming to them the
previous night, but I told them that Miss F. had continued to move about
her room for so long a time that I had fallen fast asleep, and even then
had not had enough, as they might have observed how sleepy I had been
all day. However, to satisfy them, I gamahuched them both, and fucked
them both while each was giving the other a second gamahuche, so that
then each spent three times to my twice. I thus kept in my forces for
the renewed delights I anticipated at night. I went to bed early and
slept soundly at once, having no anxiety about keeping awake, feeling
certain that Miss F. would awaken me as soon as she was ready to take me
to her arms. She came, and we passed another most delicious night of
every salacious and libidinous enjoyment. A third night followed, which
differed only in the lascivious proposition of Miss Frankland to
deflower my bottom-hole with her wonderfully prominent and elongated
clitoris, little dreaming that there, too, she had been anticipated by
our loved and charming friend MacCallum. She had, however, all the
imaginary pleasure of first possession. As you may well suppose, I did
not attempt in any way to enlighten her ignorance thereon. We had
gamahuched each other, I had fucked her twice in the cunt and once in
her bottom-hole, when the fancy seized her to bugger me with her
clitoris. Of course, I made no objection; on the contrary, sucking it up
to a proper stiffness, I placed myself on my hands and knees in the most
favourable position to satisfy her erotic fancy. She first slipped her
tongue into my bottom-hole, then spit upon her clitoris, and then
anointed my aperture with the delicious slime of her well-fucked cunt,
and then with the utmost ease pushed the dear thing up to its utmost
limits. I humoured her in every way, wriggling my bottom sideways, which
she declared was a vast improvement on her back and forward movements.
She passed her arm round my belly, and with that exquisitely delightful
touch on my prick for which she was so distinguished, she excited me to
the utmost, making my _sphincter ani_ respond to the throbbings of my
exquisitely delighted prick, and equally exciting her lascivious
passions with the idea of first possession of that narrow abode of
voluptuousness. She could feel by the electric excitement of my prick
how near I was to spending, and quickening the action of hand and
clitoris, we both died away together in all the raptures that such an
extra exciting conjunction could produce.

Several nights thus passed in the indulgence of every form of the most
lascivious enjoyment. We used to amuse our moments of relaxation in
trying who could suggest any new position or varied manner of effecting
the delicious junction of our bodies. On one occasion, recurring to the
state of excitement her flogging had thrown me into, I asked her, as if
I did not know the fact very well already, if the application of the rod
on the bottom of a woman, or the mere act of being flogged, at all
excited her sex. She told me both acted with great force on her erotic
nerves. She thought, from experience, that being whipped caused the
greatest excitement and produced the greatest longing to be fucked.

“Then,” said I, “do you think it had erotically excited my sisters?”

“Certainly, especially your sister Eliza. I do not know whether you
noticed her sudden impulse to embrace and kiss me after her return to
schoolwork the day I flogged her; that was a stray erotic impulse, and
had we been alone, I could not have avoided responding to it in a way
that would have delighted her, and initiated her into some of the
delicious mysteries of venery. Nay, I think, but for my happy discovery
of your great and delightful merits, I should have sought for and found
an opportunity of being alone with that dear girl, for you must know we
can lasciviously embrace our own sex with immense mutual pleasure, and
although not equal to that which this noble fellow”—(taking hold of my
prick)—“inspires, is not without its merit, and even as a little variety
from time to time is very enticing.”

“Then, I suppose, you still have some hankerings after the virgin charms
of dear Lizzie?”

“I have, and what is more, I believe both Mary’s and her passions have
already developed themselves. I have sometimes fancied I heard
suppressed sighs and gentle movements going on in their beds, and I
shrewdly suspect they were practising masturbation on each other. I did
not interfere, and after what has passed between you and me, I will tell
you that I had a little plan in my head to let them proceed to such
lengths that when I chose to make the discovery they would be at my
mercy. I then could initiate them in every lascivious and voluptuous
delight that woman can have with woman. The happy discovery of your
excellences, and the perfect facility my change of room has given for
meeting without the slightest chance of discovery, has for the present
driven that idea out of my head. I am, however, indebted to it for the
change of room, as I asked for it solely to leave the two girls the
utmost liberty to indulge in their voluptuous mutual enjoyments, certain
that it would increase and give them every desire for the further
instruction I could impart to them.”

“I suppose you would have fucked them with this dear stiff little
thing?” said I.

“Oh, yes, you darling, but you have so excited me talking about it, that
you must fuck me directly.”

We indulged in a most exciting fuck, and when recovered from the
confusion of ideas the delightful crisis always produces, we resumed our
conversation on the interesting subject of my sisters. I observed that
she had not lately flogged them again.

“All your fault; I am now so satisfied with you that I no longer seek
for relief to pent-up desires in that way.”

“Tell me, dear Miss Frankland, did flogging my sisters excite you much?”

“It did, even to spending; but the fear of proceeding further with them
at that time rendered me ferocious. The very severity I used was as it
were in revenge for stopping short of other salacious embraces, but if
once I had gone so far as to make them partakers of my lubricity, I
should never have flogged them again so severely, but only to such a
gentle extent as would raise their passions to an uncomfortable pitch,
rendering them slaves to my burning lust. Even now I have, from time to
time, a desire to do so, especially with dear Eliza, as I think she had
far more of venereal lust in her nature than Mary. You would not object,
dear Charlie?”

“Not in the least, if you will only give me the voluptuous satisfaction
of hearing all the details from your lips afterwards; it would stimulate
us both to additional raptures, and spur our desires to renewed
combats.”

“I don’t think it wants much to do that; your glorious prick is as hard
as iron.”

“It was the lascivious idea of your enjoying Lizzie that made it get up,
but I must fuck you again or it will burst.”

“I, too, my dear boy, am inflamed at the idea; put it in behind this
time; I have a great letch in that way at this moment.”

I did as I was directed, and so great was the agony of delight when we
died away that she sank on the bed dragging me after her, and we lay
almost insensible, soaking in bliss for quite half an hour. We did not
again renew our conversation that night, but I determined to push her
forward to carry out her idea, and also to give Lizzie a hint to second
her wishes in every way, without giving her any idea of what had passed
between Lizzie and me, and being equally reserved as to my nightly
connection with Miss Frankland.

The following night we passed again in all the amatory delights we could
imagine. After our deep midnight sleep, which always took place locked
in each other’s arms, and poor cockey held firm as if in a vice, I awoke
her first, and found my prick stiff-standing in her cunt, which was
involuntarily pressing it in the delicious interior folds. I began
moving gently, until she was so excited as to quite wake up, when she
joined me in all the raptures of a delicious and voluptuous fresh
morning fuck. We then rose to satisfy natural wants, and cool our
excited nerves by a copious ablution. As we were returning to bed, I
observed that Miss Frankland took something out of her wardrobe wrapped
up in a handkerchief, and placed it under her pillow with a certain air
of mystery. I said nothing. After purifying ourselves we always indulged
in a voluptuous gamahuche; after which Miss Frankland generally asked,
as a favour, that I should finish off _in culo_. I loved her delicious
bottom-hole too dearly ever to refuse. She placed herself as usual on
her knees, thighs well drawn up, and head down, so as to make the most
of her glorious backside. After I had followed the usual preamble of
thrusting in and out of her luscious and juicy cunt so as to lubricate
my prick well, I then introduced it, always with the slow and gradual
pressure, until it was sheathed to the hilt, when we generally paused
some minutes to reciprocate mutual throbs and pressures. In this
lascivious pause I saw her hand steal under the pillow, and draw out the
handkerchief and put it under her belly. I shortly found a considerable
substance entering her cunt, and making my quarters still more tight and
narrow. I began to move, and found the substance in the other entrance
keeping time to my movements. I had a tight hold of her projecting
clitoris, which I had frigged up to a stiff-standing point. I slipped my
hand down and found she was dildoing herself with what proved to be a
very handsome dildo, in not very formidable proportions.

“That’s right, my darling,” I cried, “why did you not do it openly, you
ought to know that my greatest wish is for you to enjoy these salacious
meetings in every possible voluptuous manner; frig on then, my beloved,
and be sure that if it adds to your delight it adds to mine.”

“Thank you, my darling Charlie, shove away, I am in the seventh heaven
of delight in having as good as two pricks working in me at once.”

She would have explained more, but her words were cut short by the
ecstasies the double fuck produced, and she spent copiously before me,
on finding which I held back, and was rewarded by making her spend
eventually with the utmost excess of delight twice to my once. By this
time it was broad daylight, and too late in the morning to enter into
any conversation on the new partner in our amatory combats, which was
reserved for the next meeting.

This did not occur so soon as we expected, for that day Miss Frankland’s
flowers declared themselves. It was a fortunate thing for me that she
had them at the period of the new moon, and as Mary had them at the
full, it enabled me to dedicate a night or two to my beloved sisters,
who considered I had been neglecting them of late. I said I had not felt
very well, and that I began to think that our excessive fucking was
becoming too much for me; that they must remember I was one to two, and
I felt if I continued to overexert myself I should break down and fail
altogether.

“That would never do, dear Charlie, and it is very true you do twice our
work and more, because we don’t pour down such a torrent as you do when
we spend; you must take care of yourself, we will not be so exacting in
future, but cool ourselves first by a mutual gamahuche between Lizzie
and me.”

I thus arranged a certain amount of cessation of fucking in that quarter
that I might dedicate the more to the far more exciting powers of the
delicious and salacious Miss Frankland.

I had always remained in my own bed until I heard her heavy breathing,
denoting that she slept, before I dared to leave my own room to go to my
sisters. The desire of racking me off, as dear charming Mrs. Benson used
to call it, might have seized her, and my absence would have discovered
all.

However, she had, no doubt, considered that it would be all to her
advantage that I should be left perfectly quiet to recruit my system,
after the heavy drain on my amatory resources which she had kept up for
the previous fortnight. She never sought in any way to excite me until a
day and a night after the cessation of her menses. She told me it was
much better to have done with it entirely at once, rather than by erotic
excitement keep up the discharge for a week or more.

“And it is not, my dear Charlie, from any want of randy lust on my part,
for, especially at first, there is an extreme desire to be well laboured
by the biggest prick one could find in existence; the natural irritation
of the parts seem to be increased by the way in which the sensual system
is affected in that quarter. Former experience has taught me that it is
much better to bear this, than by seeking for erotic excitement to keep
up the natural discharge for twice as long as it would otherwise endure.
Besides which, there would have been a danger of affecting your dear
health. Sometimes conjunctions, at such a period, produce a urethral
irritation very prejudicial to a man, and such as might deprive me of
the delight of your embraces for some weeks. So you see, my own beloved
boy, that in every way it is prudent to avoid any amorous excitement at
such a period, however hard nature may press for venereal relief. Some
women hazard all this, and for a momentary gratification, run risks
perfectly unwarrantable, not only for themselves, but above all for
their lovers. I, too, my darling, have had my day of imprudence, and
knowing the result, I should be both cruel and stupidly insensate to let
you run the risk of what already occurred.”

As she recounted those sage counsels, I could not but remember my loved
Mrs. Benson, whose advice had been of such service to me, and here was
another loved mistress instructing me in further matters connected with
the sex. It certainly was a stroke of great good fortune for me to have
met at so early an age two such admirable women, not only most amorous
and lascivious, but instructing me in the real knowledge of their sex,
and the world, at the very time that they were indulging my every
lascivious desire, as well as their own. Mistresses of their art, no
mystery in love’s catalogue of excitements, and of means of gratifying
the same, was unknown to them. But they knew, too, how to inculcate
wisdom for future conduct. I owe every amatory success of my after-life
to the admirable teachings of these two charming and estimable women.

The next night, after we had sacrificed sufficiently often to Venus to
enable us more calmly to resume the delightful discussion on the various
ways of pampering and exciting the passions, I turned the conversation
on flogging; for to take you, dear reader, into my confidence, I was
seized with an uncontrollable letch to flog the superb bottom of my
loved mistress. I had often seen it palpitating under the vigorous
attacks of my stiff-standing pego, while belabouring either of the
delicious entrances to the temples of lust. I had often given her
glorious bottom good sound slaps of the hand, but I longed to apply to
it in earnest a good birch rod, see it flush to a raw meat hue, and then
to shove my prick with the utmost force into either or both of the
delicious orifices. I thought the best way of arriving at this desired
object was to recur to her own description of a less severe flogging
exciting the passions with pain; and as she had also admitted that it
excited her equally to be flogger or flogee, I proposed that she should
exercise a gentle discipline on my bottom, to try its efficacy. She
jumped at the idea, but there was no rod in her room, perforce the
ceremony was put off until the next night. On that occasion, she advised
me first to indulge in every excess of lubricity, and when nature should
begin to flag, then the real efficacy of the rod would be experienced.
She aided me with the utmost skill in every act of most voluptuous and
luxurious venery, and we mutually poured down six tributes to our
blessed Mother Venus, with very little cessation, for we both wished to
feel somewhat exhausted, before trying the effects of the birching
system. We lay quiet for a short time, and then dear Miss Frankland
began exciting me, but only in an ordinary way. My prick had already
been too well satiated with the previous encounters to respond at once
to the calls made on it.

“Ah,” said she, in her sweetest way, “I see we want the rod here.
Prepare yourself, sir, and take care to make no resistance, or it will
be the worse for your bottom.”

Following her cue, I began to implore pity, to promise I would behave
better in short time, etc., etc. But she was inexorable, and ordered me
to lie across her knees. Then, taking me round the waist, she gave a
smart cut or two, really sharp, that made me for the moment wince.

“Take care, sir, you are resisting, and you know your punishment will be
severe, if you so continue.”

“Forgive me, mistress dear, and I will never do so again.”

“We shall see.”

Cut three, sharp, though not so severe. I did not flinch. “Ah! that is
something like a good boy, now we shall have no difficulty.”

She began a series of less and less severe blows, until it ended in a
gentle irritable titillation which very shortly began to show its
effects by the stiffness of my pego—fiercely shoving against the naked
thigh of my loved castigator, who, passing a hand round my body, laid
hold of it, delighted to find how efficacious her proceedings had been.
Pretending to be quite exhausted, she sank back on the bed, and said she
could do no more. I sprang upon her, and we had two more _coups_ without
withdrawing, with the greatest excess of voluptuousness. It was now my
turn, and as she let me slip out of her delicious cunt, I took that up
as a cause of dissatisfaction.

“What! you naughty girl,” I cried, “is that the way you treat your
master, bundling him out of his room in that manner; here, give me the
rod, I must make your bottom pay for your ill conduct—here, kneel on
this footstool, and lay your body over my thighs, no resistance, or it
will be the worse for you.”

“Oh! pray, sir, do forgive me this time,” and she knelt at my side, and
pretended to cry. I forced her down, and she presented her glorious
backside, in all its splendour of rotundity and size, before my
delighted gaze. I seized her round the waist, and first gloated my sight
with all the full and lascivious charms, not only displayed, but in my
power, and I armed with a splendid rod. I gave her two or three sharp
cuts, which made her beauteous buttocks wriggle, but called forth no
remonstrances; but as I continued, in all the rage of lust the exercise
excited, to flog away most severely, she begged me to be somewhat more
gentle. But I flogged on with increased vigour, until she began to
writhe under the severity of the punishment I was inflicting. She
struggled fiercely, at last, to be free, but she was completely in my
power, and I did not spare her until I saw that, changing from severe
pain, her feelings were turning to a storm of lechery and lust. She
became frantic with excitement, and screamed out—

“Cease, darling Charlie, and fuck me directly. I am dying for it.”

I threw down the rod, jumped on the bed, and drew up her loins, so that
she was placed in a kneeling position; she herself seized my bursting
prick, and carried it to the lips of her cunt, where he instantly
engulphed himself to the hilt. Her movements became lascivious beyond
expression, and were urged with a vigour, which brought down in a very
short time a torrent of sperm from both of us. We were too much excited
to stop short, and almost without a pause, a second course was run still
more voluptuously. She was not even then satisfied, but making me lie on
my back, she reversed herself upon me, and we commenced a mutual
gamahuche. I succeeded in making her spend again, and she was able to
bring my pego up to a standing point.

“Now, Charlie, dear, we must finish off behind.”

So getting again on her hands and knees, she guided my willing prick to
the narrower abode of felicity. After first steeping it for a moment in
the moisture of her foaming and reeking cunt, I thrust it into her
bottom-hole. I seized hold of her clitoris, she had her dildo all ready,
and working it herself with one hand, we ran a last course of most
lustful and lecherous enjoyment, which ended in such killing raptures
that we both sank all but insensible on the bed. Exhausted as we were by
the wild excesses we had indulged in, we fell, without moving or
regaining our senses, into a deep and profound slumber, until almost too
late in the morning, so that I had to regain my room the moment we
awoke, without attempting any further amorous toyings. Thus ended my
first experiences as a flogger. The sensation was so new, and the
temptation to lay on with a vengeance was so great, that I had gone
beyond all reasonable bounds in inflicting such a severe punishment on
the glorious bum of my beloved Miss Frankland. I must, however, do her
the justice to say that she comprehended and excused the feelings under
which I acted, only begging me, on any future occasion not to let them
carry me away so far as they had done on this. We several times renewed
this bum flogging, but with more moderate inflictions—sufficient to
highly excite without actually punishing the patient, whichever of us it
might be.

We often after this made flogging the theme of our discussions, and I
gradually led on to the idea she had expressed of Lizzie’s evidently
amorous disposition. She still affirmed that such was her conviction. I
then suggested that it would be worth her while to try and gratify it,
as well for Lizzie’s sake as for the satisfaction of her own letch in
that way.

“I suppose you could easily find a pretext if you desired to do so?”

“Yes, easily enough, the idea excites me, and I shall indulge it.”

I do not remember what the pretext was, but Lizzie was kept in next
afternoon at four o’clock—Mary and I proceeded to the summer house. I
knew we should not be interrupted by Lizzie, and that I need not hold in
for her satisfaction. So I gave Mary all the benefit of our being alone,
and we had four most exquisite and refined indulgencies in every
attitude admitted of by the legitimate entrance to love’s temple. For,
as yet, I had never been able to gain an entrance to the narrower
orifice, which was too small for my formidable weapon to penetrate. It
is odd how easily Lizzie accommodated me in her delicious bottom-hole,
while Mary, older and more womanly in form, was as yet unable to make
room for me in that strait path of bliss. When night came I was all
curiosity to know how my dear mistress had carried on matters with
Lizzie. She told me that Lizzie had been somewhat nervous at first, but
she had spoken kindly to her, told her how her amiable and loving
conduct after her first whipping had won her affection; that she did not
mean to be so severe as on the former occasion, but that discipline must
be kept up.

“So come, my dear girl, drop off your frock, as I shall mine, that the
bundle of clothes may be out of the way, as well as to avoid their being
creased.”

Seeing that Lizzie still trembled a little after she had dropped her
gown, she took her in her arms, and kissing her lovingly, desired her
not to be afraid—she would not punish her much.

“Lift up all your things, my dear, and let me see if any marks of the
former punishment remain.”

Lizzie had a very prominent and very promising bottom. Miss Frankland
felt it all over, and admired loudly its form and firmness, declaring it
was quite beautiful to look at, and how womanly it was growing.

“Turn round, and let me see if you are as womanly in front. Upon my
word, a well-formed mount with a charming mossy covering.”

Her hand wandering over her form excited Lizzie, whose face flushed and
eyes glistened with rising desires. Miss Frankland herself became moved,
but proceeded at once to lay her across her lap, and began with gentle
switches, just sufficiently sharp to attract the blood in that
direction, which, of course, acted with double force on all the already
excited erotic organs, and Lizzie began to wriggle her bum in all the
lasciviousness of lust under the excited gaze of Miss Frankland, who,
seeing how matters were going on in her favour, increased the force of
her blows, but only sufficiently to still more lecherously excite her
patient—until, driven to an excess of lust, she cried out—

“Oh, my loved Miss Frankland, I am dying with pleasure, do embrace and
caress me.”

Miss Frankland lifted her up, and drew her to her bosom and lips, and,
while sucking her tongue, slipped her hand down and found Lizzie’s quim
wet with her flowing spunk, and her little clitoris stiff with the
erotic passion that was consuming her. She frigged her until she spent
again, while their tongues were in each other’s mouth. As Lizzie spent,
Miss F, shoved a finger up her cunt, which, of course, met with no
resistance, but as Lizzie possessed in perfection the art of nipping,
she was sufficiently tight to leave a doubt of anything but
finger-fucking.

“Ah, you little puss, you have been playing with this before now, tell
me the truth?”

“I will tell you everything, if you will only play with me again. Ever
since you flogged Mary and myself, we have both been so often burning
down there, and have found out that feeling it, and pushing fingers in,
was so nice, although at first we often hurt ourselves. But you do it so
much better than Mary—oh, do, do it again, dear Miss Frankland!”

“I shall do it much better, my darling, with what I have got down
there—look here!”

And, lifting up her petticoat and chemise, she exposed, to the absolute
astonishment of Lizzie, her extraordinary mass of hair, and her fiery
red clitoris glowing and sticking out of its black mass of curls.

“How beautiful!” cried Lizzie. “I declare, you have got a doodle, for
which I have been so longing; I must kiss it.”

Stooping down, she took it in her mouth, and sucked it.

“Stop, dear Lizzie, we shall both enjoy it.”

Taking the cushion from the chair, she lay down on her back on the
floor, telling Lizzie to turn her face the other way, and to kneel down
across her body, so that both their mouths could adapt themselves to
each other’s quim.

Lizzie told me afterwards that she took care to show no previous
knowledge, but to let Miss Frankland apparently initiate her into all
the ceremonies of gamahuching.

Miss Frankland glued her lips to dear Lizzie’s charming quim, while
Lizzie took her extraordinary clitoris into her mouth. After a few
ardent caresses Miss Frankland pushed a finger up Lizzie’s bottom-hole,
then paused an instant to tell Lizzie not only to follow her example in
that respect, but to use her other hand in her quim while sucking her
clitoris. Then, both adapting themselves as prescribed, they gamahuched
on, until both could no longer move from the excessive raptures produced
by their profuse discharge. After this first bout Lizzie became curious
to see all the wonderful hair-covered organ and limbs of Miss Frankland,
who gratified her to the utmost extent of her wishes. Nor did she leave
this inspection entirely to Lizzie, but reciprocated it. Undoing her
dress above, she uncovered the charming budding beauties of Lizzie’s
bubbies, and began sucking the nipples. Their mutual caresses and
handlings very quickly refired these hot and lecherous women. After a
little renewed gamahuching, until both were wild with excitement, Miss
Frankland proposed to put her clitoris into Lizzie’s quim; told her to
kneel down, and kneeling behind her, she sheathed it with ease in the
hot and juicy folds of Lizzie’s beautiful cunt. Passing her hand under
Lizzie’s belly, she frigged her clitoris until again nature gave down
her delicious tribute, and they sank in all the voluptuous languor that
follows. A third time they renewed their salacious and lascivious
raptures, then resumed their dresses so as to be ready to receive us.
Miss Frankland begged Lizzie to keep her counsel and not reveal, even to
Mary, what had passed. But Lizzie urged Miss F. to admit Mary into the
new mysteries she had just herself been taught, and said she could
assure her that Mary had a far more beautiful body than hers, and would
like it quite as well as she did.

“Well, my dear, I shall think of it, and find an occasion to flog her,
as I have done you.”

“Oh, that will be jolly!” cried Lizzie. “She will like it just as much
as I do; it is so nice, you must flog me every day, dear Miss Frankland.
I loved you from the first, I adore you now.”

They embraced most lovingly, but our return put an end for the present
to any further conversation.

These details were accompanied and interrupted by two or three delicious
and most voluptuous fucks, without once withdrawing my burning prick
from her equally heated and throbbing cunt—for her description of these
proceedings was most exciting. When she had finished, I withdrew, that
we might gamahuche each other, and lick up all the delicious spunk in
which her juicy cunt abounded. We then renewed our combats, sacrificing
to holy Mother Venus in both orifices. Then we slept as only
easy-conscienced people like ourselves could sleep; and, like giants
refreshed by slumber, renewed our devotions on every altar before
separating in the morning.

Two days later Mary was initiated by Miss Frankland in a like manner to
Lizzie, while Lizzie and I made the most of our time in the summer
house. Excited by her naive description of her scene with Miss
Frankland, we indulged in every salacious device that we could cram into
the hour’s absence, which, by the way, we lengthened out by more than a
quarter of an hour, for which Miss Frankland thanked me at night. Her
scene with Mary had been one of even greater lubricity, in consequence
of Mary at once lending herself to everything, and acknowledging that
she knew from Lizzie what she had to expect. Besides, Mary’s more
developed form and something about her greatly excited Miss F., and she
was quite amorous upon her. She had done so much in the way of spending,
that after I had gamahuched and fucked her two entrances three times,
she required the stimulus of the rod to bring her up to the highest
point of lascivious lubricity. And, to tell the truth, I afterwards
required and received it myself. Thus our voluptuous passions acted one
on the other, and we passed an exhausting night in every excess and
refinement of venery, in which Miss Frankland’s dildoes, for she had
two, of different sizes, played no small part in both our persons.

Now that the ice was broken, I easily persuaded Miss F. to have
occasionally first one and then the other of my sisters to sleep with
her, alleging that an occasional early night’s rest would recruit my
powers, and that when she dismissed her bedfellow in the morning, I
could finish her off in force; she could thus initiate them in mutual
floggings, and in the use of dildo. Of course, I need not say that my
ultimate object was to succeed in our making it a general orgie. In this
indeed it ended, but not exactly as I had intended. That mattered not,
as long as the desired object was attained. I had the delightful
opportunity, too, of watching through my peephole many of the delicious
scenes of lubricity enacted, and when driven to the fiercest excess of
passion, I used to withdraw, steal up to the unoccupied sister, and vent
my raging lust in every indulgence with her.

This had been carried on for about a fortnight, one or other of the
girls sleeping every other night with Miss Frankland. Lizzie, it
appeared, had often professed to long to see a real cock, and had
managed to worm out of Miss F. that she had enjoyment of mine. The
little hussey importuned Miss F. to let her see me fucking her, saying
that she could easily hide behind the curtains, and I would never know.
Miss F., whose passions were at the utmost tension of desire, consented,
and placing Lizzie where she could see without being seen, opened my
door, but found an empty bed. She at first suspected that I had gone to
one of the female servants, but thought she would make sure and see if
Mary was not the object. So she stole softly upstairs, and found us in
the act of enjoying a double gamahuche, which as it was early morning
light, she could see without difficulty. She had the kindness to let us
enjoy it to the end, and then dragging me off, said—

“Oh! Charles! this is dreadful! Why could you not be content with
me?—have I ever refused you? Do you know this would be the ruin of all
of us if ever it should become known? You are too young to know the
dreadful consequences of discovery.”

Here she burst out in a torrent of tears—it was evident from real fear
of the sad results that might ensue, and not from any feeling of
jealousy. I threw myself into her arms, and as she had herself
acknowledged our intimacy, I had less difficulty in alluding to it. I
caressed and fondled her, and told her there was no fear of
discovery—less now than ever—as we would be all interested alike in
keeping our secret; she would cover my intimacy with my sisters, and
they would cover my intimacy with her. All at once she said—

“How long has this been going on?—tell me truly.”

I had long prepared myself for such a question, and at once replied that
after the description of the libidinous scenes that had taken place
between her and them, and her exquisite account of their young charms, I
got so lecherous upon them that I had sought Mary out while she was
engaged with Lizzie, and Lizzie when Mary was with her; they were both
too much delighted to refuse me anything, and we had now enjoyed each
other about a dozen times. I had previously told my sisters to support
any story I might recount to Miss F. Lizzie had stolen up after she
found Miss Frankland had passed through my room, and now both confirmed
the tale told. We surrounded Miss Frankland, caressing her in every way.
My pego got terribly excited. Drawing up my nightshirt, I said—

“Let this dear fellow make peace between us, and become equally dear to
all. I know, my loved mistress, that my sisters are longing to see him
exercised on your glorious person, and buried in your delicious hairy
cunt, so let me offer up sacrifice to its juicy charms. Lizzie has just
said you sought me for the purpose—see, the dear clitoris is raising its
head—let Mary lie down under you to suck your clitoris, and see my prick
close above her eyes in vigorous action filling your exquisite cunt. You
can gamahuche her and Lizzie can look on behind, witness the glorious
sight, and act postillion to my bottom-hole.”

“Well, my beloved children, the die is cast, it is no use crying after
spilt milk, so let us make the best of it. I never could resist the
eloquent look of this loved and long thick thing, that was made for
giving poor woman all she could crave for.”

So arranging our relative positions as I had prescribed, we ran a course
of the most luxurious and salacious enjoyment imaginable. Lizzie, who
had taken possession of one of the dildoes, manipulated herself, while
watching every voluptuous movement of our bodies, and we all managed to
spend most rapturously together. We could not afford to do more at that
moment, as time was creeping on, and the household would soon be astir.
Miss Frankland regained with me my room, her own door being locked, and
kissing me tenderly, said I was a bad boy, but she supposed it must
eventually have come to this, so it was well it was sooner than later.

Thus passed our first general orgie, which was the precursor of many
much more luxuriously and salaciously libidinous, and which I shall more
minutely describe as events progress.

Miss Frankland would not allow us to have a general orgie the next
night. She was now aware of our summer house doings—only of late begun,
as she supposed—for my story had been too plausibly off-hand not to
deceive her, especially as she had felt convinced by all that occurred
on our first fucking that she had had the delightful pleasure of taking
my maidenhead. She was quite satisfied on that head. But she now
suspected that what I had just begun I should be too glad to repeat. She
accompanied us to the garden in our recreation hour, so that nothing
erotic took place. We sat down all together after a little running
about, and Miss F. opened to us a rule of conduct we must in future
pursue. She said—

“However delightful it would be for you all, as well as for myself, to
meet every night, it would in the first instance become a dangerous
habit, dangerous because of engendering carelessness in the necessary
precautions against discovery; and next, and above all, because it would
be the destruction of our loved and darling Charlie, who could not
possibly long continue such excessive venery as three loved objects at
once would constantly require of him.”

Seeing my inclination to interrupt her, and declare that I felt quite
equal to it, she stopped me, and told us I was too young to know what
such excessive indulgence would lead to; that we must trust to her
experience and be guided by her, and we should all find the advantage of
it. Three times a week was the utmost she could allow, when we should be
all together. The other nights she would take care that I committed no
excess. Such were the sage counsels of this admirable woman, and such in
future became the programme of our proceedings. I rebelled and kicked
against what I thought at the time too great a restriction, but I
eventually became convinced that greater pleasure followed the enforced
delays. Of course I slept with Miss Frankland on what might be called
our off nights, but she soon established a custom of restraining my
spendings to twice a night, allowing me to excite and make her spend as
often as I pleased. I was difficult to manage at first, but eventually
settled down in great regularity to the rules she dictated, and, indeed,
enforced. I soon found out the wisdom of her proceeding, for often
afterwards my lagging efforts required the spur of the rod to be applied
in earnest for the completion of our orgies.

The second night after the discovery of my intercourse with my sisters
was the first of meeting all four together, in Miss Frankland’s room. We
had been sent, as usual, early to bed, and Miss F. had privately
recommended us to go quietly to sleep as soon as possible, and not to be
under any anxiety, as she herself would go for the girls, after all the
household had retired. As for me, it was the plan I had always adopted,
as it enabled me to reap the greater amount of enjoyment, and its longer
continuance, by the rest I had previously secured. Winter had passed
away, and summer came round again. It was a lovely, warm, moonlight
night. As soon as we were all assembled, stripping to the buff was the
order of the night; then followed charming embraces and mutual posings,
so as each should admire the beauties of all. Hands wandered everywhere
over every charm, chiefly concentrating on the wonderful and finely
developed form of the fascinating Frankland, whose richness of
coal-black hair was so deliciously exciting. It soon became necessary to
calm the first effervescence of our passions, which we always did by a
general gamahuche. Miss Frankland, who had taken an extraordinary letch
for Mary, paired off with her, while Lizzie and I accommodated each
other. Miss Frankland, who had provided herself with a store of dildoes,
furnished us all with one, differing in size, according to the intention
of their application. As Mary’s bottom-hole as yet could only
accommodate a moderate size, Miss F. kept the smallest for her
particular use, the others were indiscriminately used. Thus armed, we
proceeded to enter on all the voluptuous excesses of gamahuching in
every form, lengthening out our pleasures as much and as long as
possible, that we might pass the whole night in the most libidinous
raptures. When the ecstatic moment overtook us, our mouths had to cease
their operations to give vent to the expressions of the rapturous nature
of our feelings. We lay panting for some time before being able to rise
and resume our mutual caresses. Now that we had taken off the edge of
our lustful appetite, we prepared more calmly for further and more
voluptuous combinations. The upper coverings of the bed were entirely
removed, so that it presented nearly a square field of combat for love’s
encounters, admirably adapted for its purpose. We held a council as to
our next movements, and finally decided to begin as follows: Mary to lie
down on her back, Lizzie reversed above her, Miss Frankland was to
indulge in her letch for Lizzie, which was that of fucking her
bottom-hole with her extraordinary clitoris, while I was to fuck Miss
Frankland’s cunt, and postillion her smaller orifice with two fingers,
Lizzie was to postillion Mary with her finger, while gamahuching her,
Mary to apply the smaller dildo to my bottom-hole, and frig Lizzie’s
cunt with a larger one. It was also agreed we should run two courses in
this voluptuous group, varying only in the substitution of my prick in
Miss Frankland’s bottom-hole, instead of her cunt, in which was to be
placed one of the dildoes. We were none of us to press matters to a
speedy termination, but to make the most of the exquisite conjunction of
our parts. We enjoyed a most salacious and voluptuous fuck, and so
managed matters as all should spend together in perfect raptures of
lubricity and lust. Notwithstanding the pleasure of the final discharge,
we managed, as previously agreed, to hold our mutual positions, our
parts palpitating with repeated throbbings on or in the delicious
quarters with which they were conjoined. These soon reawakened our
passions, which we as yet had done but little to calm, and when
sufficiently heated, the slight change agreed upon was effected, and I
plunged up to the hilt in the glorious and hairy bottom-hole of the
divine Frankland, who gave almost a scream of delight as she felt my
huge pego rushing up into her burning entrails. We had to pause some
minutes to allow her excitement to subside to a certain extent, or she
would have discharged after two or three thrusts of my potent weapon. We
then proceeded more leisurely, and after drawing out our enjoyment in
the most salacious and voluptuous manner, the ecstatic moment seized us
all together, with such an excess of wild enjoyment that with screams of
almost agonised delight, we poured into or upon each other whole
torrents of hot boiling sperm, and sank almost insensible into a
confused heap of naked forms. We were a long time in recovering our
senses. Then disentangling ourselves, we rose and laved our parts in
cold water, not only to purify ourselves, but as a stimulant to further
exertions in all the wildest excesses of lubricity that any of us could
fancy. But we always managed so as to make Miss F. think that she was
the author of any new salacious idea or suggestion. In fact she nearly
was so in every case, for her experience in every letch, and its
gratification in every form of libidinous refinement, was great and we
owed to her many new and delicious combinations in our salacious orgies.
After partaking of wine and cake, which Miss F. had taken care to
secure, we indulged in some delicious romping and pulling about of the
rich curls and hairy coverings of nearly all Miss Frankland’s superb
form. The girls above all admired the magnitude, hardness, and beauty of
her truly magnificent buttocks, and what with one now and then sucking
her bubbies, and at other times toying with her already standing
clitoris, we soon brought her to such a state of excitement that,
seizing hold of Mary, she got her on the table and gamahuched her, while
Lizzie, creeping under, sucked her clitoris, and I pushed my prick from
behind into her cunt. We brought on a delicious spend, and the glorious
creature died away in excess of pleasure along with Mary, while I had
not yet arrived at the climax. So I contented myself with making my
prick throb to her delicious squeezings, until the fatigue of the
position required us to break up the pose. She was so far calmed that
she could now propose and discuss after-proceedings, and what our next
form of enjoyment should be. As Mary had had an extra spend with Miss
Frankland, Lizzie was now placed on her knees, with her head well down.
I thrust my prick into her longing cunt. Miss Frankland standing up,
strode across Lizzie’s body in front of me, here I introduced first a
smaller dildo up her bottom-hole and then a larger one up her cunt, both
up to the cod pieces. She then pushed forward her belly and put her
stiff-standing clitoris into my mouth, and placed her two hands on my
head. I then passed one hand under her open legs, and seizing both
dildoes in one hand, proceeded to work them up and down both holes at
once, in unison with my suction of her clitoris, and my fucking
movements in Lizzie’s cunt, who at the same time was frigging her own
clitoris with her fingers. Mary, armed with two dildoes, applied one to
my bottom-hole, while she fucked herself with the other. In this way we
ran a most exciting and delicious course. Miss F., in the ecstatic
moments, seemed as if she would have pressed my head into her belly. She
was so charmed with the voluptuous delights this pose had given that she
cried out we must not change until another course was run. Lizzie said
she must change from front to back, and begged Mary to hand her a dildo
with which she might frig herself. The women were ready directly, but my
pego was longer in answering the call, so Miss Frankland told Mary to
apply the birch rod skilfully.

This she did with great art, working the dildo, which was still in her
cunt while so occupied. The effect was almost electrical, and my
glorious rampant prick filled dear Lizzie’s delicious and longing
bottom-hole to her utmost delight. Miss F. begged Mary to give her a
gentle stimulus with the rod. Nothing could better have pleased Mary,
for she afterwards admitted she had long had the greatest letch to flog
that glorious and immense backside. With such stimulants as these this
course proved one of the most salacious and voluptuous we had yet had,
and the ecstatic ending was accompanied with screams of delight, as we
died away in the death-like swoon of rapturous and satiated desires. We
again rose to purify and refresh ourselves, and for some time after lay
closely embraced on the bed. As Mary had not yet had my prick in her
cunt, Miss F. proposed that I should fuck her, that Lizzie should kneel
close behind us, she could fuck Lizzie’s bottom-hole with her clitoris,
and work one dildo up my bottom, while she worked a second in her own.
No sooner said that done. Lizzie’s head was shoved almost below Mary’s
belly, so as to bring Miss F. close enough to me to operate as she
desired, and we ran another delicious course with such extreme pleasure
that all sank sideways down on the bed and dropped into a sound slumber.
We did not awaken until so late that we only had time to lave ourselves
in cold water, finish off with a general gamahuche, and then regain our
separate rooms. On this last occasion Miss Frankland said she must
gamahuche me, as she delighted to break her fast on cream. The joke
amused the two girls amazingly.

It was about this time Mrs. Vincent gave birth to a fine boy. I have not
spoken of her since our first interview after her marriage in the summer
house, when all had gone into the town to bring out Miss Frankland. We
had only had two stolen interviews since that time, which I have not
mentioned, because they were too hasty, and with too little comfort to
have been thoroughly enjoyed; then she became too heavy with child to
afford me any further opportunity. Mamma wrote a congratulating letter
to Mr. Vincent, wishing him joy of the advent of a son and heir, little
dreaming that her own son was the father thereof. This brought a visit
from Mr. Vincent to beg that mamma would kindly become godmother to the
little fellow. My mother at once assented, and asked who the godfathers
were. He said an uncle, from whom they had expectations, had consented
to be one, but he was at a loss to know whom to ask as second.

“Why not ask Charlie, he was always very fond of your wife as his
governess, and he, too, has an uncle from whom we hope some day to
receive something handsome.”

“That is a very good idea of yours, Mrs. Roberts, and if you will kindly
send for Charles I shall put it to him, and if he consents, it saves me
all further trouble.”

I was sent for, and, you may be sure, accepted immediately, thanking Mr.
Vincent for the honour he did me, and hoping that Mrs. Vincent would be
equally agreeable that I should be godfather, although so young.

“Leave that to me, my dear wife is so much attached to me that my wish
is her law, so do not make yourself uneasy on that head.”

It may well be supposed I was not at all uneasy, but quite certain that
it was the very thing Mrs. V. would have proposed if she had not been
withheld by prudence. We heard afterwards from Mr. V. that she had
simulated objections on account of my youth, but the very first moment
she could say a word to me in private it was to tell me what delight it
had given her that her husband should have fulfilled in the matter the
very wish nearest and dearest to her heart.

The ceremony eventually came off as had been proposed, but it was at
very rare intervals that I could find an opportunity of renewing our old
combats in the field of Venus. Meanwhile I had no reason to regret this
as far as indulgence of my erotic passions went, because, for nearly two
years, that is until I had passed my eighteenth birthday, I continued to
enjoy uninterrupted bliss in the arms of the luxurious and fascinating
Miss Frankland, or in orgies with her and my sisters, which culminated
in every excess of venery capable of being enjoyed by three women and
one youth. In fact, we all indulged rather too freely, if I may judge
from the fact that, at least to Miss Frankland and myself, the rod had
almost become a necessity, and occasionally even my sisters admitted it
gave them a fillip. Under the able tutorship of Miss Frankland we became
the most perfect adepts in every voluptuous indulgence of lubricity. But
I must also give her the credit of never neglecting our education.
Indeed, I may say it gained by the intimate union of our bodies. For
that estimable woman impressed upon us that to keep her friendship and
confidence we must do justice to her teaching. I have already said her
system of instruction was very superior to anything we had previously
known, and now that she had won our unbounded love and affection, there
was nothing we were not ready to do in school to second her efforts for
our mutual improvement. She had very superior attainments—spoke French
and German like a native, had sufficient knowledge of Latin and Greek to
ground me well in them, and her knowledge of music was very superior. I
have hardly ever heard anyone with a more charming touch on the piano.
In the two years that followed our first orgie we made really
astonishing progress. We all spoke French very fairly, had a pretty good
knowledge of German, especially Mary, who really spoke it well; as for
myself I was well up in French, fairly so in German, and with a very
good groundwork of Latin and Greek.

It was about this time that an event happened which completely changed
the order of my life. My mother had hinted that I had some expectations
from an uncle. These were very vague. He was my father’s brother, but
they had never agreed, and we were almost strangers to each other. He
died, and one day we were all surprised, not to say delighted, to hear
from his executor, a Mr. Nixon, a rich merchant in London, that my uncle
had left my mother four hundred pounds a year as long as she did not
marry again, but at her death the said annuity was to be divided between
my two sisters, independent of any coverture. The residue and bulk of
the property was settled on me, under trust to Mr. Nixon until I was of
age, with a request that I should be brought up to the law and entered
as a barrister in the Inner Temple. Further, a sum of five hundred
pounds was allowed for a new outfit, in every way becoming to all of us.
Mr. Nixon announced that in a fortnight he would take the opportunity of
being in our neighbourhood to come over and make the necessary
arrangements consequent upon the altered state of affairs. He added that
the residue of the property would yield about one thousand pounds a
year, and that, therefore, my education must be looked to more closely
than it probably had been. Here was, indeed, a change. My father had
left the house and grounds, and something like six hundred pounds a year
in the funds, entirely to my mother as long as she remained a widow, or
until her death. Afterwards one hundred and fifty pounds per annum to
each of my sisters, and the house and residue to me—a moderate income
requiring other efforts to make it comfortable to one’s upbringing. Here
I was now the heir eventually to something like fifteen hundred pounds a
year, two country houses, and a very fair house besides attached to my
uncle’s house. You may easily imagine the joy of the whole family when
from somewhat pinched economy, we found ourselves in easy circumstances,
with at once quite double our previous income. We indulged in somewhat
wild dreams of what all this might produce; but mamma brought us to our
senses by informing us that until I was of age Mr. Nixon would entirely
control our destinies, and that it was more than probable he would
insist upon sending me to a public school. This news dashed all our
hopes to pieces with a vengeance, because it was precisely on our
greater freedom that we had been counting, and now there was every
probability our delightful intercourse and delicious orgies would come
to an abrupt termination. We exchanged sad and crestfallen looks on
hearing this from mamma, and met in a very disconsolate humour that
night in Miss Frankland’s room; but that charming and estimable woman
cheered us up with the hope that if a temporary separation did occur, it
would only lead to our safer and more perfect reunion hereafter.

“And, to tell you the truth,” she said, “my dear Charlie, we have been
of late too much for you, and your health and constitution will benefit
by a forced inactivity, for I have observed some symptoms about you
lately that prove we three have taxed you too hard. I have no doubt I
shall be retained as governess to your sisters, and leave me alone to
keep them to a point that will not disappoint you when we meet again,
which must always occur at intervals of not longer than six months.”

To our loving minds six months seemed an age. At the same time Miss F.’s
remarks had, to a certain extent, reassured us, and although we could
not enter into our orgie with the usual fury and letch, nevertheless we
managed to pass a night sufficiently rapturous in the enjoyment of our
libidinous passions, which many would have thought excessive.

In due course Mr. Nixon made his appearance. He was a pleasant-looking
elderly gentleman, and a complete man of the world. Finding that I had
been educated entirely at home under governesses, he fancied I must be a
milk-and-watery ignorant youth, and had already hinted as much to
mamma—who, having told me, put me on my mettle. Mr. Nixon sent for me
into the parlour alone, and began an agreeable conversation apparently
leading to nothing, probably with a view not to render me nervous and
timid, gradually turning the conversation upon educational subjects. He
was agreeably surprised to find the progress I had made, not only in
historical and geographical subjects, but in languages, and above all
was surprised at my knowledge of Latin and Greek. He was particular in
asking if some clergyman had not lent his aid to the governess. After
dinner, during which he paid great attention to Miss Frankland, he
warmly complimented her on her system of teaching and its extraordinary
success. At the same time he observed that, as his dear old friend had
desired that his nephew should become a barrister, it would be necessary
he should be sent to some clergyman taking a few boys, and then to
King’s College, London, before entering a barrister’s chambers. Miss
Frankland at once admitted the justice of the remark, and hoped that
Charles would not shame her teaching.

“Quite the contrary, I assure you, Miss Frankland. I have been struck
with the admirable groundwork you have established, and especially the
advantages you have given him of the knowledge of modern languages. I am
so much pleased that I intend to beg of Mrs. Roberts to keep you as the
able governess of the girls until they are so much older as to require a
little knowledge of the world which a metropolitan ladies’ school is
sure to impart.”

All this was said with a certain deference of manner to Miss Frankland,
that I felt certain the old gentleman was greatly struck with her
person, as well as her system of teaching. But of this it is probable my
readers will learn more hereafter.

My mother, hearing of the intention of sending me to some clergyman,
immediately suggested that her own brother-in-law, the Rev. Mr.
Brownlow, rector of Leeds, in Kent, a retired village close to the
castle of that name, would be a suitable person. He was a gentleman who
had taken honours at Cambridge, and was in the habit of receiving one,
two or even three young gentlemen, but never more, to prepare them for
the universities. At that moment she knew by a letter from her sister
that he had a vacancy. His name, she said, stood high as an instructor,
as Mr. Nixon would find on inquiry; and as Charles had never been away
from home, it would be a great satisfaction to her to know that he was
under the care of her own sister. Mr. Nixon said he perfectly agreed to
her suggestion, provided, as to which he had no doubt, his inquiries
justified his sending me there. He left us with a promise of an early
decision, and, indeed, before the week had passed we received his full
concurrence to my mother’s suggestion. So my aunt was written to, and it
being the period of the holidays, Mr. and Mrs. Brownlow were asked to
come over and spend a week, and then I could return with them to Kent.
We had not seen aunt or uncle since we were little children, and only
remembered her as a very tall immense person. The distance had prevented
personal intercourse, and we only knew of them by interchanges of hams,
Canterbury brawn, and oysters at Christmas time. As they replied by
return of post, saying they would be with us in two or three days
following their letter, you may be sure Miss Frankland and all of us
made the most of what was to be the last of our mutual orgies for the
time. No restrictions were put upon us, and every night was dedicated to
the god of lust and voluptuousness.

At last the fatal day arrived. My mother and the two girls went into the
town to fetch uncle and aunt out, leaving Miss Frankland and me to our
studies. You may well suppose it was the prosody of love and not that of
grammar that occupied us. There was a tenderness of manner, and a loving
kindness and fondling, which I had not before observed in Miss
Frankland, and which I should have thought alien to her character.
Embracing me tenderly, and pressing me lovingly to her bosom, she burst
into a flood of tears, and sobbed as if her heart would break as her
head sank on my shoulder. I tried to comfort her in the best way I
could, and as my kind reader knows, a woman’s tears always had a most
potent effect on my prick, I placed it in her hand, she hysterically
laughed amidst her crying, but instantly sank her head down to the loved
object, embraced, sucked, and frigged it until I poured a flood of
boiling sperm into her mouth, which she greedily swallowed, and
continued sucking until not a drop was left. Then rising once more to
caress and embrace me, she said—

“Yes, my own beloved boy, that was indeed a means to stop my tears, I
not only adore it, but have come to love you, my darling, more than I
ever loved anything in my life—you are my own scholar, bodily and
mentally. I shall miss you greatly, and I bitterly regret our parting;
but we shall meet again, although never with such freedom and ease as we
have done. You will spend your holidays at home, and we shall make the
most of them. I can feel the dear object already to be made the most of
again, and so it shall, dear fellow, so come to its own nest.”

These last fond words were addressed to my prick, which, already rampant
again, was claiming attention. We went at it, hammer and tongs.
Recruited at luncheon, we renewed the raptures of lubricity as that
estimable woman alone knew how to indulge them. We were the less
reasonable, as it had been decided by us the night before that I was to
find out the habits of the coming couple before I should venture on
leaving my room to slip up to theirs, and thus I had a night of
relaxation before me.

At five o’clock the carriage drove up, and uncle and aunt were welcomed
to our house. My uncle was a tall, portly, unctuous-looking clergyman,
quite a gentleman in his manners, and with a very agreeable voice. My
aunt, who was some fifteen years my uncle’s junior, was very tall for
her sex, a fine portly figure, broad shouldered, large bubbies well
apart, a small waist for her size, immense hips and evidently buttocks
to more than match. She was very stout, but stood firm upon her pins,
and walked with great elasticity of step, showing there was a good deal
in her, or rather she could take a good deal out of anybody. She had a
profusion of fair hair, with thick eyebrows, that promised abundance
elsewhere. Her eyes were of a deep blue that could look very far into
you. She had a very pleasing expression, a small mouth, and very white
teeth. Her complexion was exceedingly fair, her arms immense, but
beautifully formed, hands and feet small, fat and plump. She looked
thirty-five, but was nearly forty, and was altogether a most desirable
woman to look at, on a large scale. She embraced me tenderly, which I
did not fail to return, and complimented me and the whole family on our
late good fortune. The first introduction was altogether most agreeable,
and I already began to imagine I might not be so badly off after all.

We were allowed to sit up rather later than usual, and as my aunt was
fatigued with her day and night’s journey, they were glad to follow our
example almost immediately. I had only just time to get undressed, when
I heard them enter the room which Miss Frankland had vacated the
previous day. This had previously been arranged, and she now slept in my
sisters’ room, as formerly, until we should depart. I quickly blew out
my light, for fear they should observe it shining through the chinks I
had made. Kneeling down, I began to watch the proceedings. The first
thing my aunt did was to squat on the pot just opposite my peephole, and
as she held up her dress well, I could see that she had a most prominent
mons Veneris, thickly covered with very fair ringlets. Her power of piss
was something wonderful, it was like a cataract in force and quantity,
and at once made my mutinous prick stand at the mighty rush of waters
that could be so plainly heard. As she rose, and before she dropped her
dress, I saw her splendid proportions of limb, the like of which had
never before met my eyes. Alas! it was but a passing glimpse. However, I
determined to watch on, hoping to see a further display in the course of
undressing. She took off all her upper clothes, until nothing but her
stays and chemise remained. I could now mark the real grandeur of her
proportions. The stays kept in the waist, and allowed the splendour of
her hips and buttocks to stand out in all their glory. Never in my life
have I seen a finer backside than my aunt had got. I am now speaking
from a vast amount of after-inspection and adoration, but in its covered
magnificence in which I at this moment viewed it, it appeared the finest
backside I have ever met with, and was in fact the one I alluded to some
time back, when I observed that Miss Frankland’s was the finest but one
I ever saw. It is true, her stoutness added greatly to its prominence,
but though stout, even very stout, it was not a stoutness you could call
fat. For in after-intimacy, which became of the very closest and most
voluptuous nature, I was never able to pinch her in any muscular part.
She had the hardest, as well as the biggest, backside I ever met with. I
am quite sure that when she was standing upright, a child might have
stood on the immense projections of her buttocks. Her thighs were
positively monstrous in their mighty proportions, as hard as iron,
exquisitely moulded, and of a fairness and smoothness that rivalled
ivory, which, in another respect, they much resembled, namely, in
feeling cold to the touch. Her legs were worthy of the glorious frame
they supported, and finished off with a pair of charming, clean-run
ankles, and very small feet for her size. As her chemise was short
sleeved, the grand magnificence and beauty of form of her splendid arms
and neck, where the bubbies came out in all their perfection and
brilliancy of skin, were fully displayed. As may be supposed, not a bone
was to be traced in her upper neck, but all was dazzling in colour and
flesh, which is such a beauty in woman. When a woman shows her gaunt
collar bones, it is a proof of bad breeding, and a common nature. Aunt’s
truly grand bubbies rose magnificently over her bodice, which I thought
at the time was their support, but this glorious woman required nothing
of the sort, for when perfectly stripped, her bubbies stood out firm and
projecting in all their grandeur, and they were of the largest, worthy
of all her other fully developed charms. Her belly alone was somewhat
too prominent, when standing up, but as she never had had children, it
did not at all hang flabbily, and ended in one of the most prominent and
largely developed montis Veneris I have ever met with, profusely covered
with the fairest of curls, which did not prevent her lovely creamy skin
from shining through them. She was well provided with hair on that part,
but after the extraordinary hairy covering that Miss Frankland
possessed, and with which I had so often toyed, all other women appeared
as nothing in that way. My aunt, after donning a nightrobe, sat down to
her toilet, and proceeded to let down her massive bunch of tresses.
Here, she was, indeed, richly gifted, her hair was all her own, in the
utmost profusion, and, tall as she was, fell much below her buttocks,
and was so thick that she could let it spread over both back and front,
and completely cover her nakedness. Titian must have had such another
magnificent head of hair for one of his models, for it exactly
resembled, except in being somewhat of a fairer hue, his celebrated
Magdalen, in the Pitti Palace, at Florence, where she is represented
covered only with the rich profusion of her ringlets. Such was my aunt,
and often and often afterwards has she indulged all my fancies, by
showing herself off in every voluptuous attitude with this, the greatest
ornament of woman, flowing in the utmost profusion over her glorious and
mighty charms. Meanwhile, the doctor had undressed, but it may well be
supposed perfectly unnoticed by me. I had better game in view. He, too,
had donned a _robe de chambre_, and sat down by his wife to have a chat
over the occurrences of the day. Of course, their conversation very
naturally turned upon myself. They began by congratulating themselves
that the good fortune of the family was partly reflected on them by the
circumstances of my being put under the doctor’s care. The lady remarked
how doubly fortunate it was, as the little scandal that had happened
had, for some time, prevented their having any pupils at all. The doctor
said—

“Never mind that, my love, this little fellow will soon be the decoy
duck for others; he seems a nice, gentle lad, but I shall seek to have
some talk with him tomorrow, and see what he is made of; boys, under
women’s instructions, are generally mere milksops.”

“I don’t think you will find it so in this case,” added my aunt. “I am
not a bad judge of character, and I feel certain that Miss Frankland is
too stern and firm of purpose not to have bent any boy’s will to her
bidding; I fear, on the contrary, she has, if anything, been too severe
with him, for my sister told me that she had full power to wield the
rod, but, after one or two severe bouts, she completely mastered them,
and that their progress was really very great, and most satisfactory, as
Mr. Nixon, Charles’s guardian, who had examined him, had reported most
favourably thereon. But he appears to be insignificant, and undersized,
thin as a whipping post, pale, and somewhat sickly-looking, he appears
much younger than he is, and seems hardly fitted for what you and I
would delight in. Eh! dear doctor?”

I did not understand at this time what her allusion meant, but it was
followed by the doctor stooping forwards, kissing her, and, I have no
doubt, tongueing her too. He first thrust a hand below her beauteous
bubbies, and then pulling up her chemise, began foraging between her
legs. She put down her hair brush; and laid hold of his cock, but
quickly said—

“Don’t excite me, my dear, you see this poor fellow can do nothing
without a rod, and we have none here, so be quiet and go to bed, that is
a good boy.”

Obeying her, he rose, threw off his robe, put on a nightcap, and tumbled
into bed, and was sound asleep before his magnificent spouse had
finished her toilet. When it was concluded, she took off her stays, and
drew her chemise over her head, I doubt if it could have fallen over her
enormous buttocks. She then walked across the room in my direction,
stark naked as nature made her, and strikingly magnificent in the
firmness of her tread, and the glorious uprightness of her truly superb
grandeur of form. I was positively awestruck. I could imagine her to be
Juno in all her glory before Jupiter, and well he might be tempted to
stray to the forbidden path of love, if Juno had such a backside as the
enormous and glorious one my aunt possessed. She again squatted down,
naked as she was, and poured out another torrent into the pot. I felt
overpowered at the sight, and staggered back to my bed, and for the
first time in my life felt constrained to rack off by self-pollution the
excess of lust the gazing on such superhuman beauties had engendered. I
could hardly refrain from shouting out to relieve my till then
suppressed excitement, especially when nature gave way, and there
spurted forth a jet of sperm, actually from the bed against the door
towards which I had pointed my prick while wildly frigging it, and in
imagination shoving it into aunt—anywhere; for if ever the saying that
“there was plenty of good fucking about all these parts” was applicable
to anyone, it was supremely so in my glorious aunt’s case. Anyone might
shove his prick against any part of her body, and spend at once from
excess of lust, at her very beauty and splendour of form and exquisite
colour and fineness of skin. Never, never have I met her equal. Her
power of fuck, too, was on a par with the immensity of size, and of a
quality to please the most fastidious, or the most lustful. Such were
the first experiences that I had of my aunt’s person, and as my
narrative extends, the reader will become more intimate with her person
and proceedings. I sank to sleep, to dream of possessing her in every
way, rivalling Jupiter with Juno, and Mars with Venus, mere visions of
the night, but which were in after-days converted into sweet
realisations of the most voluptuous and rapturous nature.

The next day, at our hour of recreation, Miss Frankland walked out with
us, and seeking a retired part of the grounds, while the girls amused
themselves, I recounted to Miss F. all I had seen and heard. She at once
came to the conclusion that I was destined to fall into the arms of my
aunt.

“I am so far pleased, my dear Charlie, that it will be into those of an
extraordinary fine woman; you must, after your present experiences with
me, have had someone to go to, and certainly you could not have a finer.
There will, evidently, be every facility, for I read those hints, which
have puzzled you, as intimating anything but reserve once you are
admitted into the inner arcana of their lives, or I am much mistaken.
There is one point I must strongly caution you about, and your general
prudence and great good sense will make you appreciate its importance.
Your aunt is evidently much experienced in erotic pleasures. If at once
she found in you the extraordinary adept you are, she would never cease
tormenting you until she discovered who had been your instructress. Now
it must be evident to you that if she thought you and I were intimate in
that way, she might draw evil inferences with regard to your sisters, or
if not going so far as to think we had equally corrupted them, it is
probable enough she might seek to remove me from their society. So you
see, my darling boy, though it may be very difficult to do, you must,
for all our sakes, determine to appear quite innocent and ignorant of
everything connected with indulgence in amorous passions. You must not
let yourself appear excited, but leave her to take all the initiatory
steps, and I much mistake if she will not be extremely ready to do so,
but all the more so if she finds you apparently innocent. However much
you now know of love’s proceedings, you must keep a guarded check upon
your feelings, so as not to let your knowledge become apparent in the
smallest degree. She will, eventually, be twice as well pleased if she
fancies she has had your first fruits. Before you leave I shall give you
some short hints as to how to conduct yourself.”

All this time I was getting rampageous, so begging her to stoop forward
upon a stump, I tilted up her petticoats and fucked her from behind,
frigging her delicious clitoris, and making her spend at the same time
as myself. It was a hasty fly, but very sweet nevertheless, for we were
both conscious that it was necessary to make the most of the short time
I had yet to remain at home. I mentioned my aunt’s remark about having
no rod at hand, and it was agreed that Miss Frankland should put one on
an upper shelf of her wardrobe, and accidently leave the key in the
door. As this wardrobe remained in the room uncle and aunt were sleeping
in, woman’s curiosity was sure to induce an examination of it. This
answered a double purpose, for Miss F. so arranged things that some
excellent books full of little bits of paper inserted here and there, at
highly moral or religious passages, led both uncle and aunt to have a
very high idea of her moral character—for these were works that
apparently could only be for her own private reading.

The rod was placed, and the bait laid next day. Meanwhile, that
afternoon, the doctor called me aside, and put me through a
conversational sort of examination. I was studiously modest, but being
very fairly grounded by the admirable system of teaching pursued by Miss
Frankland, I not only satisfied him, but he took occasion to compliment
Miss Frankland very highly for the admirable groundwork she had laid. I
fancied also, as he continued in conversation with her, that he grew
more kindly and unctuous, as if the spirit of lust was infusing itself
in his veins, as he continued to converse with and gaze on that most
engaging and lust-creating creature.

That night I watched, as before, their preparations for sleep, and heard
their conversation. This time the doctor was profuse in his praise of
me, but aunt thought I was timid and lifeless; there seemed no spirit
about me, as there ought to be, she added, at his age, but this
education by females makes girls of boys. I thought to myself, I guess,
I shall very soon undeceive you on that point, my dear aunt. The doctor
went quietly to bed; aunt stripped and used the bidet, giving me a most
exciting and voluptuous view of all her full-blown charms. No sooner was
her light out, and she in bed, than I slipped out and crept up to my
sisters’ room, where three randy cunts were impatiently awaiting my
advent with an equally randy and inflamed pego. We indulged in every
complicated combination of lust and lubricity, and never ceased until
daylight forced my unwilling retreat. Before leaving, as the rod was to
be put in the wardrobe, and the key left in the door, it was arranged
that the next night the girls, and Miss F., too, if she could, were to
endeavour to sleep soundly before I came. For if our stratagem
succeeded, I should remain to see the result which would probably occupy
more than an hour or two, and I would awaken them by applying Moses’s
rod to their water courses as doubtless I would be in a rampageous
state, if our expectations of the doctor’s and aunt’s tendencies that
way were realised.

I kept myself awake until aunt and uncle came to bed, and then I
immediately placed myself _en vedette_. At first no notice was taken of
the key being in the lock. Aunt continued her operations, and uncle
became somewhat more tentative than usual, when aunt, finding by placing
her hand on his prick that it was mere useless desire, rose and scolded
him. He grew more emboldened, and followed her up, wishing to feel her
splendid cunt. It so happened she had drawn back as far as the wardrobe
itself, until the key actually hurt her back.

“Ah what have we here?” she cried, and then turning round, said that as
the key had been left in the lock, there could be no harm in looking in.
Her husband became as curious as she. Of course, the first things they
saw were the prearranged books. They were seized upon with avidity
probably with the expectation of finding something smutty, but to their
surprise, and especially that of the doctor, it was quite the reverse.

“Well, I should never have thought this; do you know, my dear, I had
begun to suspect that, under a demure exterior, there was lurking an
enormous deal of animal passion in that Miss Frankland, but if so, these
works prove that it is under complete regulation. More’s the pity, for
she is made for the real enjoyment of the passions.”

“Oh you have been speculating in that quarter, have you, you old
lecher?”

“Well, my dear, you know we have both liberty to stray now and then, and
you, yourself, have not a little availed yourself on our mutual
understanding.”

“Now, doctor, you are too bad; do I not quite overlook all your weakness
for the younger members of your own sex, and do I not lend myself to
your fantasies in that way, when chance deprives you of any opportunity
of pederasty?”

“Well, well, my love, I was not upbraiding you, you are too dear and too
kind to me to permit of anything beyond a joking allusion; but what have
we here? A birch rod! by all that is holy.”

Reaching up to the high shelf, he drew down the rod. At first they
suspected Miss Frankland operating on herself, but the perfectly
untouched state of the rod proved that it was there in reserve only, and
had not yet been used.

“What a lucky chance,” cried my aunt. “I shall now be able to birch you
into something like a fit state to fuck me—and you shall birch me
afterwards, if it will only produce a second fuck, back or front,
whichever you like.”

“You are an angel, my darling wife, and I shall try to content both
orifices; it is an abominable shame that with such a gloriously made
magnificent woman as God has given me in your noble form, I should ever
require any other stimulant than a glance at your exquisitely exciting
proportions; but I suppose it is age that weakens our sensibilities.”

“You are right, my dear John, for I, who used to think your dear old
cock was enough for me, find I require the excitement of younger ones to
give me the real excess of pleasure my constitution demands; it would be
a shame if I did not humour all your little caprices, when you so
readily throw opportunities in my way. I only wish this nephew of mine
had been more worthy of us, we should have made him a glorious _bonne
bouche_ between us, equally to his satisfaction as to ours.”

“Well, my dear, the air of Kent, and more manly treatment, may yet
develop his somewhat stinted growth, and under your tuition, he may yet
prove not so bad an object as you seem to think, at all events, he may
serve as a _pis aller_, until a better turns up; but you must proceed
with caution, for he seems as modest as a maid.”

“My dear John, your modest ones always make the best, when once broken
in. I only wish his physique had been more to my liking, but we shall
see, we shall see; meanwhile let us both strip to the buff, and proceed
to make the most of this happy discovery of the rod—the very thing we
most wanted and wished for.”

Aunt rapidly twisted up her magnificent tresses, and as rapidly stripped
to the skin; the doctor likewise. I assure you he was a well-made,
muscular, portly, handsome man, with a large well-filled pair of cods.
His pego still hung down his head, but had a certain amount of size,
doubtless stimulated by the exciting nature of their conversation and
reminiscences. His skin and his cock were beautifully white, and the
ball of his prick of a tempting scarlet. I felt at the moment that, if I
dared, I would have bolted into the room, and sucked it into such a
stiffness as would have instantly satisfied the insatiable cunt of my
glorious aunt. This was a delight to be left for a future day, when I
allowed the doctor all the credit and pleasure of persuading me to do
that which I was burning with desire to do. But I digress. No sooner
were both fully prepared than my aunt, in a stern voice, ordered the
doctor to approach.

“Come here, sir, I must whip you, you have not done your duty as you
ought lately, and you are a very naughty boy.”

The doctor, putting on the air of a schoolboy, begged to be excused this
time, but his inexorable mistress was not to be moved, and seizing him
by the arm, pulled him over her broad and massive thighs, and with one
arm round his waist, seized his cock in her hand, and began whacking
away at his backside in such real earnest and, apparently, with all the
force of her powerful arm, that I began to think the doctor must cry out
in earnest. But he took it all without a murmur, only wriggling his fat
and smooth buttocks about in a way that rather inferred satisfaction
than suffering. Presently my aunt, who, doubtless, knew by the grip of
his prick that matters had arrived at the point her own passions had
most at heart, lifted him up, and said—

“Now I must put you in pickle, but as your great red buttocks are too
large to be pickled, I shall pickle your prick instead. So come here,
sir, and let me put this rampant fellow into my pickle tub, where, I
promise, the salt brine will soon bring down his pride.”

I suppose this was the sort of childish yet lascivious talk which
pleased them both, for uncle, who had risen, and who now presented a
much finer weapon than I had given him credit for, pretended to fear
this further punishment, and begged and entreated to be let off—he had
been punished enough, &c., &c. Aunt, however, leading him by the prick
to the bed, threw herself on the edge, and lying back, drew up her
enormous thighs almost to her belly, and showed to my gloating gaze her
tremendous salmon-coloured gash, all covered with spunk, for the
operation had made her spend profusely. I never saw so large a cunt, nor
such an extensive triangle as lay on the side of each lip between it and
the commencement of the buttocks, beautifully covered with the fairest
curls.

“There, sir, is your place of punishment, stoop and kiss it before I
imprison your indecent cock within it.”

The doctor, nothing loath, stooped and gamahuched her so well that her
mighty backside wriggled beneath his head, and made everything in the
room jingle; her hand pressed his head until I thought it would have
been pushed in altogether. At last, she spent with a shout of delight.
He hastily gobbled it all up, and rising, without more ado, thrust his
stiff-standing weapon up to the hilt, I might almost say cods and all,
in her longing and magnificent cunt. Here, he soaked for some minutes,
and I could see by the convulsive movements of her backside how much
aunt was enjoying it. They soon became bent on more active movements,
for throwing her splendid legs over his back, she began an up and down
movement, much more active than I could in any way have given her credit
for. They went at it in real earnest for a longer time than I expected,
but when the mighty crisis came, it was with an energy, and passionate
struggles worthy of the strength and substance of the two love
wrestlers. I could see her cunt all foam again around the roots of the
increased size of uncle’s very respectable prick, and then they lay in
apparent apathy for full twenty minutes, but one could see by the
convulsive throbs of their whole bodies what delicious transports of
rapture they were enjoying. Uncle was the first to rise, but only to
stoop and to greedily lick up all the foaming spunk which the
wide-spread entrance to her glorious cunt exhibited. This being done,
she, too, rose, and throwing her arms round the doctor’s neck, drew his
mouth to hers, and seemed to suck his slimy lips, and gain for herself
as much as she could of the delicious spunk the doctor had been
revelling in. This lasted some minutes. Then my aunt turned him down on
the bed, and took a long suck at his prick, now hanging limp, but still
of a goodly thickness. Then she thanked him for the great satisfaction
he had given her, and declared it was almost as good as the first days
of their union. Then after toying and cuddling on the bed for a time,
she said they must now proceed to a little further castigation, on her
bottom this time, as he had promised to give her a double dose.

“Yes, my love, but you know you promised I should take my choice of
which temple I should make my sacrifice at.”

“My own John, you know, that after being once well fucked, the hinder
hole is my preference, that is understood.”

They accordingly rose, and uncle, furnishing himself with the rod,
desired aunt to kneel on the edge of the bed, and present her
magnificent backside projecting out fair for his birching. This she
immediately did, and being directly before my eyes, I had a full front
view of her gloriously large wide open cunt, and all the pinky brown
_aureola_ around her charming bottom-hole, over which the little fair
ringlets showed in great beauty. I need not say that my own John Thomas
was in all the pride and panoply of prickdom, and ready to burst with
excitement. My uncle took the rod in hand as soon as aunt was in
position, and placing himself on one side, while his left hand passed
under her belly to frig her clitoris, he had his right hand free to
inflict any amount of whipping. And, I must say, neither one nor the
other spared the rod; they laid it on right soundly, but drew forth no
word or sign of complaint. My aunt soon began to wriggle her stupendous
backside, in a way to show how very exciting the birching was to her.
Her exquisitely creamy white skin began to see the scarlet of the blood
rushing to the surface under the infliction received. The redder it
became, so did the evident palpitating movement of her two resplendent
orbs increase, until uncle, too, showed how the glorious sight was
stimulating his less easily excited system, by the stiffening and
uprising of his pego. Aunt’s hand slipped down to it, and being well
acquainted with its habits, pronounced it to be as equally ready as
herself. Turning her body lengthways, but still on her knees, the doctor
scrambled up behind her, and first stooping, licked up the foam on her
cunt, for she had already spent once; and then, rolling his tongue about
the beautiful indentation leading to her delicious bottom-hole, he
thrust it in as far as he could there. Then rising on his knees, he
first plunged his jolly good prick into her cunt for two or three
shoves, and then drawing it out well lubricated, presented its point to
her exquisite bottom-hole, and plunged it up to the hilt at a single
thrust. Aunt gave a cry and shudder of delight as she felt it penetrate
to her very entrails. The doctor, satisfied for the moment, lay soaking
in the exquisite pressure that aunt’s _sphincter ani_ was applying to
his happy prick. He looked down upon her glorious buttocks, handling
them with evident pleasure. I saw aunt’s hand steal down to her cunt,
and could observe that she was actively frigging her clitoris. She
shortly cried out to uncle not to be so idle, but to commence the
delicious movements she expected from him.

He did—they did; and such a scene of excitement it was to see so
magnificent a woman with such a mighty backside in all the agonies of
enjoyment that I could hold out no longer, but seizing my bursting prick
in my hand, two or three rapid movements up and down, and tight
graspings of the shaft, brought on the ecstatic rapture of so lascivious
a spend that I actually fainted and fell heavily on the floor. It was
fortunate that aunt and uncle were so hotly engaged that an earthquake
might have shook the house without their being conscious of it. So as I
only fell from my knees it never disturbed one moment of their pleasure.
I must have been some minutes without consciousness, for when I came to
my senses, and was able to resume my inspection, I found their crisis
was past, but that uncle still lay soaking in the narrow cell he so
delightfully occupied. He was gazing with evident pleasure on the still
palpitating buttocks of the divine backside immediately below him.
Neither was in any hurry, but they dwelt for a considerable space of
time in this repose of lubricity. At last, his cock, reduced in bulk,
slipped out of its close quarters. Then, rising, and helping aunt out of
bed, they warmly embraced each other, kissed and tongued, and aunt
thanked him for a most rapturous fuck. Aunt then sat down on her bidet,
and uncle used the wash basin. After purifying themselves, and aunt
showing all the extraordinary fine development of her glorious form,
they put on their nightdresses, blew out the lights, and tumbled into
bed. I immediately hastened to gain my sisters’ room, with my cock
standing stiffer than ever. I entered gently—they were all asleep. My
two sisters lay reversed, with their heads between each pair of thighs;
they had evidently fallen asleep after a mutual gamahuche in the very
attitude in which they had spent. Miss Frankland had apparently waited
for me, but feeling drowsy, had thrust her very fine hairy backside
right out of bed, ready to attract my attention the moment I should
come. So gently approaching, and bringing the light to bear on the
beautiful sight, I spit upon and lubricated the end of my prick, and
very gently introduced him into her ever delicious cunt. I managed to
fully engulph it before applying my finger to her bottom-hole, and my
other hand to her clitoris. She had already in her sleep involuntarily
squeezed me with her usual force. Then, suddenly applying all my
energies, I began an active movement, which instantly awoke her. She was
as ready for the sport as I was, and in a very few minutes we ran a most
rapturous course of intense delight, and spent with an energy which
proved the strength of the excitement I had been under. As I was
standing by the bedside, and she lying on it with her fine bottom
projecting beyond the edge, it was not a position to remain long in;
besides, I was still dressed. So, withdrawing, I undressed myself. My
sisters had slept through all this, so first preparing everything for an
excessive orgie, by getting out dildoes and birch rods, we awoke the two
darlings, who, rising, stripped to the buff. The three dear creatures
were all curiosity to know what had kept me so long—more than two hours
and a half, and what had been done.

I recounted all the proceedings, except in so far as they had talked of
initiating me, for neither Miss Frankland nor I wished my sisters to be
acquainted with that matter. They laughed heartily, and little Lizzie
said she must act aunt, first flog me and be fucked; then be flogged by
me, and have my darling prick up her bottom-hole to follow. We laughed
and humoured her, and that scene came off with considerable _eclat_.
Miss Frankland fucking Mary, for whom she had a great letch, in the cunt
first, and in the bottom, after my example on Lizzie, in the second
place. Lizzie and I then laved our parts and prepared for fresh
encounters, and we then began a more regular course of the most
lascivious lubricity, in which dildoes and rods played conspicuous
parts, both becoming necessary under the excessive indulgencies of these
last few nights. I stole to my room long after daylight, and slept
soundly for an hour or two. You may be sure our lessons were of the
lightest in these few days that were left us, and I was allowed to doze
off during school hours.

Miss Frankland again walked with me alone in the garden, to give me, as
she thought, last lessons in the way I should act with aunt, who she now
felt more certain than ever would very soon attack and carry my person
when she reached home and had the place and time all to herself. I
listened with apparently great attention; as the reader knows, I was
already an adept in the art she wished to indoctrinate—thanks to the
admirable advice of my ever charming real first instructress, the lovely
Mrs. Benson. But I could not help thinking how completely these two
admirable women had the same wisdom and knowledge of the world with
which they were so anxious that I, too, should become conversant.

The next night the doctor and aunt went quietly to bed, the doctor
declaring that his previous night’s doings would prevent any more that
night. So I only had one more gaze at all aunt’s magnificent beauties,
which had a never failing effect on my excitable weapon, and which she
sent away when her light was put out in a perfectly fit state for the
work that awaited him in my sisters’ room. I came upon them sooner than
expected, and found the three rolled into one body, two gamahuching each
other, and Miss Frankland’s clitoris in Mary’s bum-hole. For a wonder
they did not hear me as I gently opened the door, and I patiently waited
till the lascivious crisis brought down a delicious spend from them all.
When clapping my hands applaudingly, I cried—

“Bravo! bravo! encore!”

I was so far glad, for to confess the truth the pace was telling, and I
began to require more and more of the rod. However, we had but this and
the next night at our disposal, and the knowledge that we must soon
cease our delicious orgies nerved us all to increased efforts.

Again our passions raged furiously, and broke out in spurts of foaming
sperm. Every desire our lascivious lubricity could suggest was carried
out to increase our pleasures or renew our exhausted resources, until
time warned us again to separate.

The next day there was no school time—it was spent in packing and
preparing for departure. My poor mother took it much to heart—she was a
most affectionate creature, as innocent as a babe. I often wondered
where we three got all the natural wantonness of our characters, for
mamma had nothing of it. I suppose it must have come from our
grandparents, as aunt had it in the fullest degree, and was almost the
equal of the adorable Miss Frankland, who only excelled her in having
Greek blood in her veins, which, doubtless, accounted for the extreme
heat of her lubricity. Some day I will recount the chief events of her
romantic story, which she herself, in after-time, fully related to me.
The day was a sad one for us all, even sadder than the next, the actual
day of departure. As often happens, the anticipation of evils is greater
than the reality when they come.

That night my aunt and the doctor had another whipping bout, but this
time she only succeeded in getting a single course out of the doctor. As
before when all was over, I slipped away to pass the last delicious
night with the dear creatures with whom I had now carried on the most
rapturous orgies for more than two years past. My sisters were rapidly
developing into remarkably handsome fine young women, especially Mary,
who, having the advantage of a year and a half over Lizzie, was
naturally more filled out and formed, although Lizzie promised in the
end to be, and in fact became, the finest woman, and had also by far the
hotter temperament of the two. We passed the night in orgies the most
refined, interspersed with tears of regret at our parting, and soft
endearments leading to perfect furies of lubricity, until I was nearly
fainting with exhaustion. We tore ourselves asunder with difficulty, and
the three angelic creatures held their door open, and with streaming
eyes watched my receding form; twice, on looking back, I could not help
returning again and again to throw myself into their arms for a last
loving embrace; but like all things human it came to an end, and I
reached my bed and sobbed myself to sleep.

It is needless to dwell on our parting next day. My mother accompanied
us to the town where we were to take a coach. It drove up. My poor
mother could hardly utter her blessing and farewell, and I saw the tears
coursing down her venerable cheeks as she waved her handkerchief before
the coach turned the corner that shut us from her view. Of course my
heart was full, whose could be otherwise when quitting home for the
first time. My aunt put her arm round my waist, and laid my head on her
ample bosom, and comforted me as well as she could; but a full heart
must vent itself. Fortunately, we had the inside all to ourselves. My
aunt was very tender, and so was the doctor. I soon sobbed myself to
sleep; even in the bitter grief of the moment I had some slight comfort
in the idea of pressing those glorious orbs. My aunt frequently kissed
me, and I returned it with full pouting lips, which I fancied rather
pleased her. I slept until the coach stopped for supper, ate heartily,
and, as may be supposed after my late week of hard work, soon again
slept like a top.

I did not awake until it was broad daylight, and, like all heavy
sleepers, was awake and sensible of what was going on before opening my
eyes. I became conscious that a hand was gently pressing and apparently
taking the size of my standing pego, which the pressure of water on my
bladder had occasioned to be in an erection of the hardest. I lay quite
still, continuing to breathe heavily, but unable to prevent sundry
throbbings of my pego, occasioned by the soft hand of my aunt, who was
gently following its form from the outside of my trousers. It appeared
she had only just commenced her manipulations, not having previously
observed the bulging out of its large dimensions under my trousers. She
pressed her knee against that of the doctor opposite, who I presume, was
dozing off, and in a whisper I heard her draw his attention to my
extraordinary development.

“Feel it, my dear, but very gently, so as not to waken him, it is the
largest prick I have ever felt, and altogether beats the late Captain of
Grenadiers you used to be so jealous of.”

The doctor did feel, and I think aunt would have unbuttoned my trousers,
had not the coach suddenly pulled up at the inn we were to breakfast at.
So perforce they shook me up. I acted the suddenly awakened sleeper very
well. As soon as we were out of the coach, I whispered to the doctor—

“If you please, uncle, I want to piddle very bad.”

“Come here, my dear boy.”

And taking me behind some wagons in the innyard, where we would not be
seen, he said—

“Here, we can both piss down this grating.”

And, forsooth, to encourage me, pulled out his own standing pego. I saw
what he wanted, and out with my own in all its length and strength.

“Good heavens, Charles, what an immense cock you have got—does it often
stand like that?”

“Yes, uncle, every morning it hurts me so until I piddle—it gets worse
and worse, and bigger and bigger—it was not half so big a year ago. I
don’t know what to do to cure myself of this hardness, which is very
painful.”

“Ah, well, I must speak to your aunt, perhaps she can help you. Have you
ever spoken to anybody else about it?”

“Oh, dear no! I should have been quite ashamed; but when I saw you also
had the same hardness, I was very glad to ask your advice, dear uncle.”

“Quite right. Always consult me about that part of your body, whatever
you may feel.”

We breakfasted, and I could see, on regaining the coach, that uncle and
aunt had a satisfactory exchange of words on the subject. We got to the
Rectory in Kent in time for dinner, at which I was the object of great
and devoted attention of both, especially of my aunt.

Our previous long journey made an early retreat to bed a necessity for
all of us. They both conducted me with much _empressement_ to my
bedroom, a very comfortable one, having a communication at one end with
a corridor, and, on the right-hand side entering, another door
communicating with my uncle’s dressing-and bathroom, and these opening
into their bedroom, which had a similar dressing room on the other side
fitted up with wardrobes for female gear, and dedicated to my aunt’s
sole use. I was left to a quiet night’s rest, which I most thoroughly
enjoyed, and slept profoundly until late in the morning. I was awakened
by my uncle drawing all the clothes off me. Of course, I was rampant, as
usual. He gazed for a moment or two without speaking at my enormous cock
at full stand. He then said it was nine o’clock, and breakfast was
ready, that he had not liked to disturb me sooner, as I was in so sound
a slumber, but now it was time for me to get up.

“I see,” he added, “that your doodle, as you call it, has got the
hardness you spoke of yesterday.”

Then he laid hold of it, and gently squeezed it—it filled his grasp. He
evidently enjoyed the pleasure of handling it, but contented himself
with saying that my aunt must see to giving me some remedy the next day,
when she should come and inspect it in the morning, so as to see how
hard it was, and how it hurt me.

I replied that it would be very kind of aunt, but what would she think
of my showing my doodle to her; mamma had told me, when I slept in her
room, always to piddle in a corner, and never let anyone see it.

He laughed at my apparent simplicity, and said—

“Your mamma was quite right as to people in general, but it is quite a
different thing with your aunt, whose close relationship authorises her
doing what she can to relieve her dear nephew, in whom we both take such
an interest; besides, I suppose your mamma never saw it in this size and
hardness?”

He was gently handling it all the time of our conversation.

“Oh, no! mamma never saw it but at night, when it was quite shrunk up,
and that is nearly a year ago, when I used to sleep in her room; it is
since then it has grown so large and hurts so much, and throbs so
violently as it is doing now in your hand. It makes me feel so queer,
dear uncle, and I shall be so much obliged to dear auntie if she will
but give me a remedy to relieve the pain I suffer.”

He laughed again, and said—

“I shall speak to your aunt, and we shall see—we shall see; but get up
now, we shall find your aunt waiting for us. So make haste and dress;
come downstairs, you will find us in the dining room.”

He left me, and I could hear him laughing to himself, as he walked along
the corridor, doubtless at my apparent innocent simplicity. I saw at
once that I should be called upon to show myself a man next day; but I
already felt the advantage of the advice both my admirable mistresses
had given me, as to making all new conquests believe that they had my
first fruits. I determined to adhere to the game I was playing, and I
foresaw that the pleasure of supporting such a thing would greatly
enhance the delight aunt would naturally take in being fucked by my
really monstrous cock. I was soon down to breakfast, and was most warmly
embraced by my gloriously beautiful aunt, who, in a graceful dishabille,
looked more charming than ever. She hugged me for more than a minute in
her arms, and devoured me with kisses. I have no doubt the doctor had
recounted our interview, and by the sparkle of her eye, and the flush on
her face, as she so closely embraced me, she showed that already her
passions were excited, and she was longing for the hour in which she
could indulge them. However, all that day, they were kept under
restraint. The doctor had some parish business to attend to, and aunt
leaving me for an hour after breakfast, while she attended to some
necessary household affairs, afterwards took me all over the house and
grounds, and then we had a walk through the village. The house was one
of those snug rectory houses situated in their own grounds which abound
in England, but few have so glorious a prospect as was seen from the
front of the house. Leeds, in Kent, is situated on the ridge of hills
running east and west, and commanding views over the rich and beautiful
weald of Kent. The rectory faced the south, and the ground falling
rapidly beyond the garden left a splendid landscape in full view.
Although close to the village and the church, both were planted out by a
thick belt of evergreen trees, which extended to north and east,
sheltering the house and grounds from every adverse wind. The house
itself was very commodious, but unassuming. The south front had a large
projecting half-circle, with three windows in it and a window on each
side of the half-circle; this formed the drawing room below and my
uncle’s bedroom, and two dressing rooms above. To the right, looking at
the house, there was a wing with an open-arched passage leading to a
greenhouse and vinery, while above ran a suite of three rooms, each with
one good-sized window overlooking the garden. These were the three rooms
kept for the same number of young gentlemen who might be taken in for
preparation for the University—a number the doctor never exceeded. Of
these rooms I was at present the only occupant. They were built so as to
be shut off from all the rest of the house by a door on the landing,
leading into the corridor, from which a door communicated with the
doctor’s dressing room, and with each of the three rooms. At the end was
a water closet for general use. I have already mentioned the first of
these rooms had a second door of communication with the doctor’s
dressing room, and this was appropriated to me. Below these rooms, but
looking north, and communicating with the village by a covered way and
having a playground into which it looked, was the schoolroom, taking up
about half the space of the rooms above. Beyond the covered way to the
village was a quiet garden square, into which the doctor’s study looked.
This study was separated by a passage from the schoolroom, and had
double baize doors both on the house and schoolroom sides. It was in
fact the doctor’s sanctum sanctorum, of which more will be told in the
sequel. In this manner the schoolroom part of the house was quite shut
off from the rest, and was nowhere overlooked. To return to the
habitable part. The west front contained a small library, opening from
the drawing room, and beyond a comfortable dining room, communicating
with the kitchen and offices, which overlooked the courtyard of the
entrance to the house, above these were the domestics’ bedrooms, &c. The
entrance was from the north into a handsome entrance-hall, with a good
broad staircase leading to the upper landing, which, turning westward,
led to three extra bedrooms above the library and dining room. It was
thus a very convenient house and well-adapted for a clergyman adding
scholastic duties to his other ministrations. I forgot to say that the
first bedroom, in the west wing, had a door of communication with my
aunt’s dressing room, which I afterwards found had often served for
amorous propensities by making it the bedroom of some favoured lover.
The grounds were charmingly laid out with a profusion of flowers. There
was a perfectly shaded walk in the east shrubbery leading from the
greenhouse down to a most charming summer house overlooking the very
finest prospect, and perfectly secure from all observation. It was
furnished very appropriately for amorous purposes, the couches being
low, broad, and with patent spring-cushions. In the sequel it was the
scene of many a bout of lubricity. My aunt took me through all that I
have described. When we arrived at the summer house, I could see that it
was with difficulty she restrained her great desire to possess me; I
would most willingly have rushed into her longing arms, and fucked her
to her heart’s content, but prudence withheld. I had undertaken to act a
part, and must go through with it. No doubt aunt was withheld by a
similar motive. She and the doctor had resolved that nothing to alarm my
modesty—heaven save the mark!—was to be attempted till the next morning.
So with a deep sigh she led me away from the summer house into the
village, where we met the doctor, and returned to luncheon. After
luncheon the doctor took me for a walk again through the picturesque
village along the ridge of hills, to enjoy the beautiful views of Leeds
Castle, the doctor giving me very many interesting historical details
connected with it. After a most pleasant and lengthened walk we returned
in time to dress for dinner. I found that one of the rules of the house
was that no matter, whether alone or with company the doctor invariably
insisted on regular evening costume at dinner-time. This has many
advantages. In the first place it gives at least half an hour’s
occupation, an object in itself worth something to persons living in the
country, and then it gives a _cachet_ or rather _chic_ to your dinner
party, however small it may be, and is in itself a certain amount of
restraint on excessive exuberance of spirits, and thus may be considered
as a disciplinary element of education tending to keep up that reserve
and self-restraint characteristic of Englishmen.

Beyond a marked attention to me in every way, our dinner and evening
passed without anything worthy of record. I was evidently high in their
favour, probably for the reason that both began to have great hopes that
I would serve their purpose in every way. We retired early to rest, and
I thus obtained three nights of uninterrupted rest, recruiting me after
all the excesses I had indulged in before quitting home. It was so far
fortunate, that I was thus ready to satisfy the strong passions of my
aunt, who was insatiable when once her lust was let loose. I awoke
earlier than on the previous morning, and shortly afterwards, hearing a
movement in the doctor’s dressing room, I feigned sleep. It was as I
expected, the doctor coming to me in company with my aunt. They
approached my bedside. I had laid myself on my back purposely to allow
the thin summer-covering to be lifted up and bulged out by my
stiff-standing pego. I heard the doctor whisper to aunt, to draw her
attention to it. She gently slipped her hand under the clothes, and
grasped it in her soft fat fingers, upon which it throbbed so violently
that I thought it politic to waken at once. My aunt was not at all put
out, but held it still in her hand with a gentle pressure. She said—

“My dear nephew, your uncle has brought me to see if I cannot relieve
the extreme hardness and pain you feel in this immense thing of yours.
Let me see it.”

She now threw off the coverlet, and brought to light my large prick in
all the glory of the stiffest stand.

“My word! what a monster!” she cried.

Her eyes sparkled, and her face flushed as the sight met her full gaze.
The doctor approached, and also handled it with evident delight.

“My dear, will you be able to put it into your natural warm bath? It is
so very large!”

“Oh! I have not the slightest doubt but that I shall be able to soothe
and deliver it of all pain—poor fellow, how it throbs! Does it hurt
much, dear Charles?”

“Oh, yes; your hand seems to make it even harder than before, but, at
the same time makes me feel so very queer, as if I were going to faint.
Do relieve me, dear auntie, the doctor says you can if you like.”

“I will do so, certainly, my dear boy; but the method is a great secret,
known only to your uncle and myself; and you must assure me you will
never mention it to anyone, or tell how I cured you. It is only my
strong affection for you that makes me anxious to do anything I can to
relieve you. Do you promise to be discreet?”

“My dear aunt, you may be sure I shall be too much obliged to you ever
to think of revealing your great kindness. Do, pray, do it at once; I
feel so queer, and I am bursting with pain.”

“Well, then, make room for me beside you, and I shall lie down; the
doctor will cover us up, and I shall soon reduce the stiffness.”

She got into bed, lay down on her back, pulled the sheet over us, laying
bare her splendid belly, and, at the same time, opening her magnificent
limbs and desiring me to get upon her, telling me she had a sheath in
her body, which, when my hard doodle was put within, would soon relieve
it of its stiffness. I got awkwardly upon her. She seized my standing
prick, and placing its knob between the already very moist lips, told me
to push it in as far as it would go. It glided into its delicious sheath
up to the cod piece in a moment.

“Oh, heavens!” I cried, “how nice! Dear, dear, auntie, what shall I do
now, I feel as if I were going to die.”

My apparent innocence seemed to add to her pleasure. She threw the sheet
that covered us on one side, and with arms and legs clasped round my
body, begged me to move my bottom up and down, so as to make my doodle
go in and out. I followed her directions, and she seconded me with rare
art, squeezing my instrument with wonderful pressures as I withdrew and
she retired, to meet again the up and down shock with the most
lascivious delight. I felt the hand of the doctor embracing my testicles
and gently pressing them. I became aware that the crisis was
approaching, and shoved home with a cry of rapture, but remembering my
part, I exclaimed—

“Oh, I am dying, dear aunt; oh! oh! stop! stop! I—can’t—can’t—bear it.”
I sank away, but could hear aunt murmuring—

“Dear, darling, delicious boy, I never had such a glorious prick in me,
or a better fuck before. I fear the dear child has fainted from the
excess of pleasure, and the newness of the sensation, but his glorious
prick still throbs deliciously within me—only feel its root, doctor, how
stiff it is.”

I felt the doctor grasping it, making it throb violently as he did so.

“The dear boy is as stiff as ever. You will get another fuck out of him
the moment he comes to himself. I am glad of that, for it is delightful
to see you at it, especially with so splendid a prick operating upon
you—it is the greatest treat you have ever given me in that way.”

“I don’t wonder at that, my dear, for I never met with such a fine prick
in my life before, and little thought my nephew could have had such a
splendid one in his trousers when we first saw him. Oh, I am lewder than
ever, and am spen—spen—spending. Oh!—oh!”

And she poured down another copious hot flow on my enraptured prick. I
let her revel in the ecstasies of her second lascivious discharge until
I found that her libidinous passions were again excited and longing for
more active operations. I pretended not to know where I was, and began a
faltering—

“Oh, where am I? What has happened? I have been in paradise!”

Lifting up my head, I apparently recognised aunt in surprise—

“Oh, dear; how came I here? Oh, remember, auntie, you promised to
relieve my hardness, and it seemed so nice, but I feel it is harder than
ever; you will try and relieve me again, won’t you, dear auntie?”

“Certainly, my dear nephew, you must do as you did at first, move in and
out, and I shall second you; and perhaps we shall succeed this time
better than before.”

Of course, I was less gauche, and she more energetic. I felt the doctor
insert a moistened finger up my fundament, and move it in unison with
our thrusts. Aunt cried out to me to go on faster and faster, and we
soon came to the grand crisis, dying away together in sobs and sighs of
delighted enjoyment. I again sank on her noble panting bosom, really
overcome with the rapture-giving delights of that most delicious cunt.
On lifting my love-humid eyes to the face of my aunt, she seized my head
in both hands, and drew my lips to her in a long, long kiss of satisfied
lust, and thrust her tongue into my mouth, which I immediately sucked.
She then begged me to give her mine. After tongueing together for a
minute or two she asked if my doodle was in less pain, and if its
hardness was reduced.

“A little, dear auntie, but I feel it is getting hard again—you must try
once more, if you please—oh! it is so nice!”

And my prick throbbed up and stiffened to prove the truth of my words.
But the doctor here interrupted us by saying that he must have his own
stiffness reduced, at the same time presenting his really fine prick at
full stand before our faces.

“You must get up, my dear boy, and your aunt will allay your new
hardness in another way, in which she will be able to relieve both our
hardnesses together.”

Reluctantly I rose, withdrawing my reeking prick at more than half
stand. Looking down as I rose on the truly large and magnificent foaming
gash from which I had just withdrawn, I cried—

“Oh, dear aunt, what a wonderful sight it is; I must kiss it for the
efforts it has made to relieve me.”

I threw my head down upon it, kissed it, licked its wide open lips all
foaming with fuck as they were, thrusting my tongue in as far as it
would go. This evidently gave aunt great delight. But the doctor drew me
off, told me to lie down on my back, and made aunt straddle over me. She
took hold of my now completely standing prick, bent it back, and
directing it aright, sank upon it until her ample bush of hair lay
crushed on mine. She rose up and down two or three times in a slow
delicious movement, and then bending forward, glued her lips to mine
while I threw my arms round her glorious body.

I could feel the doctor getting up between my legs on his knees, and
then felt his prick was rubbing against the lips of the cunt fully
distended round my large pego, doubtless for the purpose of lubricating
it before thrusting it into aunt’s magnificent backside. I felt the
rubbing of his prick against mine through the thin partition, as he
glided slowly up into her entrails. We then began our joint movements,
but aunt beat us both, and spent twice before joining in our final
finish, which was ushered in by loud cries of delight from all three as
the death-like ecstasy seized us, and we sank in that half unconscious
state of supreme bliss. It was some time before any of us spoke a word.
The doctor rose first, and without drawing his prick from the delicious
orifice in which it had been engulphed, showed by the way it hung down
its pendant head, that aunt had at all events allayed its stiffness. He
desired aunt to rise also, but I felt by her throbbing cunt, and the
pressure she put on my prick, as she rose from it, so that it came out
with a loud flop, that she would fain once more have done me the service
of allaying any stiffness that might re-arise. However, it was much
limper than before, although still of a goodly thickness. When she got
on her legs, she stooped forward, kissed it, took it in her mouth, and
most lovingly sucked it, saying how delighted she would be to relieve me
whenever it was troublesome. They begged me to get up and dress, and we
should meet at breakfast. They then withdrew, to complete their own
toilets. I lay for some minutes in the dreamy delight of thinking over
the delicious event that had just taken place, and amused at the last
remark of my aunt, which seemed to infer that she thought I was innocent
of the real meaning of the performances that had just taken place. I
determined to act as if it were so.

We met at breakfast, aunt kissed me most lovingly. I thanked her for her
great kindness in relieving me from pain in so delicious a manner, and
told her I could not help loving her more than I had ever loved anyone
before, and said I hoped she would kindly relieve me every morning, for
I always suffered at that time from the painful hardness, though I
should never be sorry for that, as long as she would so kindly allay it.
I put my hands quite in a childish way on each cheek, and held up my
mouth for a kiss, which was given to me in the lewdest way. She called
me her dear boy, and told me that she would always help me as she had
done that morning, as long as she found I was discreet, and never told
how she did so. You may be sure that my promises were most earnestly
reiterated. So we kissed again, and sat down to an excellent breakfast
with sharpened appetites from our early exercise, and did full justice
to the viands set before us. The doctor gave me a book of history, and
desired me to read for a couple of hours, and said that at luncheon we
would talk over the subject of my reading. I studied attentively for the
time prescribed, and then aunt came to ask me to walk in the grounds
with her. Insensibly or not, she led me to the summer house, and sat
down on a low ottoman. I sat down beside her. She drew me to her, kissed
me, and clasped me to her bosom, murmuring terms of endearment, and
pressing me to her glorious bubbies. Of course, my unruly member fired
up at once. To prevent her imagining it was lasciviousness that prompted
me, I said—

“Oh, my dear aunt, I do so want to piddle, my doodle at once gets as
hard as wood if I at all restrain the inclination to do so, just feel
how stiff it has become; will you let me go and piddle?”

“My dear boy, I will go with you, and unbutton your trousers for you.”

We went among the trees. Her busy fingers undid my trousers, and helped
to bring forward my lordly cock in its glory. Fortunately, I did want to
piddle, and aunt held it up as I did so, her eyes sparkling with lust as
she handled it, and her face flushed with her excited passions. She
remarked what an astonishing size it was, gently rubbing it up and down.
Of course, it became more rampant than ever. Throwing my arms round her
stooping neck, I asked her if she could not again relieve the excessive
hardness and pain it was in.

“To be sure, my dear boy. Come here again into the summer house, where
we cannot be observed.”

We entered. She put a cushion on the floor for my knees, threw herself
on her back, and lifted all her petticoats well over her belly, exposing
her very hairy cunt, and its splendid pinky gash, already moist from her
excitement. I threw myself on my knees, and stooping down, said—

“I must kiss the dear reliever of my pains.”

I kissed and tongued, until my aunt begged me to raise my body, and come
upon her, that she might quickly put me out of pain. I rose, and slipped
my stiff member up to the hilt in her longing cunt almost taking away
her breath by the suddenness and completeness of the insertion. Her legs
and arms were round me in a moment, and at it we went hammer and tongs,
until we quickly spent with cries of delight, and sank in momentary
oblivion, soon to recover our full sensations, and dash again on
passion’s furious course, this time aunt pouring down her hot boiling
discharge before me, and again when she felt the torrent of my sperm
shooting up to the top of her womb. Our final crisis was even more
ecstatic than the first time, and we lay longer in the soft languor of
the after-sensations. The excessively voluptuous nature of her inward
pressures soon re-illuminated all my libidinous desires, and refired my
prick with renewed force. We soaked for a short time, each indulging in
the delicious inward throbbings, until our lust could stand no longer
such mere preliminary work, and stimulated anew, we rushed with
freshened passions into the fray. The fiery nature of my lustful aunt
paid down two tributes to Priapus to my one. This time our sensations
were so ecstatic in spending that we really lost all consciousness, and
lay for long locked in the closest embrace. I could feel that we were
both becoming re-excited, but my aunt begged me to rise, saying that was
enough for the present, the stiffness was allayed, and my weight was too
much for her to endure longer. I rose, but again buried my face in the
wide gash of that glorious cunt, and before rising completely, I licked
up the delicious foam, and even ventured to give, as it were, an
accidental lick to her little knob of a clitoris, for she was not much
distinguished in that way; she shivered with excitement, when I touched
it, and even pressed my head down upon it, when she felt the pleasure
pressure.

“My dear boy, what exquisite delight you give me! Continue for a little
to keep moving your tongue on that hard projection.”

I did so. Her splendid backside wriggled below in the fullest enjoyment.
She rapidly came to the ecstatic ending, nearly thrusting my whole face
into her vast orbit, and spurting out a very torrent of sperm, all over
my face and neck. She seized me by the shoulders to draw me up, that she
might kiss me. My prick had regained its full vigour, and could not fail
to slip in of itself into that most lascivious and gaping cunt when it
reached the entrance. My aunt started at such an unexpected result, but
was too much gratified to hesitate for an instant. Throwing legs and
arms around me, her supple loins were in immediate action. I myself was
equally in a state of wild lubricity, so that our course was even more
rapid than at first, and we both spent and sank together in the
delicious after-languor as soon as the ecstatic joy of the first rush of
the exquisite discharge was over. My aunt, who could not but be most
highly gratified, still kept up the appearance of relieving me, she
desired me to rise, and said we must go, as luncheon time was at hand.

“But, my darling nephew, you must yourself endeavour to keep down your
hardness, and not allow it to become stiff so often—you will injure me
with your violence.”

“Oh, my darling aunt, you give me relief with such exquisite pleasure
that my doodle seems to harden only for the purpose of your relieving
it—see how it is again bulging out of my trousers,” for she had buttoned
it up. She put her hand upon it, and squeezed it, but said, with a deep
sigh—

“Come along, come along, or I do not know what might happen.”

She drew me away, but by the manner in which she squeezed my arm, I
could feel she was herself still greatly excited. Her prudence alone
enabled her to resist further indulgence, as she seemed to think I was
still unaware of the real nature of our proceedings. We found the doctor
waiting for us at the luncheon table. He guessed by the flushed face of
my aunt the nature of our late employment, and asked if I had been again
troubled with my unnatural hardness.

“Yes, poor fellow,” said my aunt, “it appears that whenever he wants to
piddle, and cannot do so at once, it troubles him in that way, and I
have had some difficulty in allaying it. I succeeded at last, but I have
told my dear nephew that he must endeavour himself to restrain it in the
daytime, as it is not always in my power to relieve him.”

“Quite right, my love; my dear Charles, you must endeavour to follow the
wishes of your aunt.”

Of course I promised, and with such a look of innocence that I could see
they exchanged smiles at it. We sat down to luncheon. Afterwards the
doctor, seating himself by my side, began a conversation on the
historical subject I had been studying. Our conversation became really
very interesting. The doctor was a man of great erudition, and of varied
knowledge, and had a manner, special to himself, of making almost any
subject most interesting. Hours flew by, and it was only when aunt
entered about five o’clock, to take a cup of tea, as was her wont, that
we were aware how time had flown. The doctor praised my knowledge of
history, and the pertinency of the questions I had put to him, in a
manner highly flattering to me, and I could see that I had risen much in
his estimation, quite apart from any erotic influences. He proposed a
constitutional walk before dinner, and much interested me by his
instructive conversation during it. Our dinner was most agreeable. In
the drawing room aunt, a most admirable performer on the piano,
enchanted us with her skill and taste. The doctor challenged me to a
game at chess. He was, of course, far superior to me, but he praised my
style of play, saying I should become a great proficient with time and
practice. We retired, as usual, about half-past ten, the doctor seeing
me to my room, and promising to bring aunt in the morning to see if I
was still troubled with that painful hardness. I thanked him warmly, but
with much simplicity, as if quite unaware of the real nature of the
application of the remedy. He left me to my repose. The quiet nights of
sound sleep made my day efforts pass off without any exhaustion, and I
felt my erotic powers increasing in force.

I slept soundly, and so long that I was only awakened by the caressing
hand of my aunt on my stiff-standing pego. She had gently lifted off all
the coverings, and I lay quite exposed to eye and touch.

“Oh, my darling aunt! how kind of you to come this early to relieve that
troublesome thing.”

I held out my arms. She stooped down to kiss me. I clasped her to my
bosom. Our lips met, and our tongues darted fiery lust into our bodies.
She threw herself down by my side, I was onto her in a moment. The
doctor took hold of my pego, and guided it into the delicious orbit of
his wife. Dear aunt begged me to do as I did yesterday, if I wanted
relief. Our action became fast and furious. Her legs and arms wound
round me in loving pressures. Her active backside wriggled in delight.
The doctor had introduced first one finger, and then two, into my
fundament, and added greatly to the fury of my lust, so that I spent in
an agony of pleasure, as quickly as the fiery lust of my aunt produced
her hot and plentiful discharge. I sank on her charming bosom, panting
with the force and fury of our coition, but like all very fast fucking,
my virile member hardly flinched from his first vigour, and a very few
of aunt’s exquisitely delicious internal pressures sufficed to bring him
up to the fullest stiffness. We were about to plunge again with renewed
ardour into all love’s wildest excitement, but the doctor insisted upon
our first changing places, that he, too, might have his hardness
allayed. Our change of position was instantly accomplished, and dear
aunt, after impaling herself on my upright member, sank on my bosom and
was clasped in my longing arms. The doctor scrambled up behind her, and
lost no time in sheathing himself in her fine and beautiful bottom-hole,
and then we ran a double course of delight, dear aunt taking the lead as
usual, and deluging us with her hot and delicious discharges before we
were ready to pour into her a double dose of delight, which again made
her spend with fury and cries of rapturous enjoyment, in which we both
joined, and then sank in love’s exquisite inanimation. On recovering
ourselves the doctor withdrew, but I was already as stiff as before.
Aunt began a most effective and delicious movement above me, which soon
brought on another grand finale, and we died away in mutual delight. I
could feel that the doctor was gently handling my cods, both during and
after our last combat. When, by our mutual throbbings, he saw that we
were about to become fit to enter on another career, he begged his wife
to rise from off me. But the idea of losing her and her extra pressures
made my prick immediately resume an erect position, so that when she
rose from off it, it was shown in a completely standing state.

“What! again, Charles?” said the doctor. “Your member is sadly unruly.
My dear, you must again try to allay it, but put yourself this time on
your knees, and we shall see if that position be better adapted for the
purpose of relieving this immense object.”

He was gently and admiringly handling it all the time. His wife was
quite aware of his object, and, indeed, so was I. Our last bout had
helped to restiffen his prick, and although not yet quite rampant, it
was evident that when my bottom was in full view, and so placed as to be
got at with facility, it would be quite as stiff as necessary. When his
wife had knelt down, and by lowering her head had exposed all the
wondrous grandeur of the most superb backside that ever met my eyes, my
prick bounded with joy. The doctor still grasping it, and feeling it
throb so wildly, saw that his game was sure. He pointed out all the
beauty of aunt’s second orbit of love, and told me it was in that he had
allayed his own hardness, and as the other orifice had not succeeded in
quieting me, he recommended my entering within the narrow path of
ecstasy. I professed no surprise, but seemed to take it quite as a
matter of course in the simplest innocence of manner. Uncle continued to
handle my tool as I mounted on my knees behind aunt. Guiding the almost
bursting weapon into the delicious cunt in the first place, to be
lubricated there, and then telling me to withdraw it, he directed it to
the smaller orifice, and desired me to push gently and smoothly in. It
glided in slowly up to the meeting of my belly against the enormous
buttocks of that sublime backside. There I paused for a minute or two
within the throbbing sheath. Aunt had pushed her bottom well out, and by
the action of apparently voiding, had facilitated the entrance. She
winced once or twice, but on the whole, as she told me afterwards, took
in my enormous tool with less difficulty than she expected. After a few
slow movements, during with I caressed and devoured with admiration the
glorious orbs beneath my dearest gaze, uncle desired me to lean forward
and embrace my aunt’s splendid bosom. As soon as I did this, and began
slowly to thrust in and out of the delicious sheath in which I was so
rapturously engulphed, I felt uncle’s hands wandering over my buttocks,
followed by the introduction of two fingers into my anus. My throbbings
on them showed how much he pleased me. He asked if it added to the
pleasure I was enjoying.

“Oh, yes, dear uncle, immensely.”

“Then,” said he, “as I, too, am suffering from hardness, I shall try to
allay it in your bottom, as you are doing in my wife’s; don’t be afraid,
if I hurt you I shall stop.”

“Do just as you like, dear uncle, both you and aunt are so kind as to do
all you can to relieve my pain, and I should be very ungrateful if I did
not do all in my power to relieve you.”

“You are a darling boy, and I shall love you dearly.”

He knelt behind me, and spitting on his cock, presented it at my
bum-hole, and pressing gently forward, soon sheathed it to the utmost
depth. He did not hurt me at all, as I was too much used to be dildoed
there to have felt any difficulty of approach, but I deemed it politic
to beg him to be gentle from time to time, as if it were a virgin vale
he was entering. He fancied as much, and that was just as good. When
once he was fully within, after a few throbs, which were felt most
deliciously on his delighted prick, we proceeded to more active work.
Aunt, in the meantime, by more pressure on my prick, and by frigging her
own clitoris, which I was quite aware she was doing, had spent
profusely; and, as the case with all the mucous membranes of the body
which sympathise with the cunt’s discharge, her bottom-hole became quite
moist and deliciously heated. The doctor and I then went at it with
fiery force, and soon gave down nature’s tribute, and mutually poured a
flood of sperm up the entrails we were respectively belabouring.

We lay for some time after in all the luxury of soaking in the delicious
apertures. I fell to nothing, and reluctantly withdrew. I had again
become rampant, and keeping myself more erect, with a hand on either
immense hip, I devoured with greedy eyes all the glories beneath my
gaze. Fired by such a truly magnificent sight as these huge buttocks
were, when in an entire state of wriggle, I again spent with cries of
agonised delight, and in all the ecstasy of fully satiated lust, sank
almost insensible on the broad and beautiful back of my aunt, who
herself had spent several times, squealing like a rabbit, and eventually
falling flat on her belly overcome with exhausted lust, drawing me with
her still held a willing prisoner in her glorious and exquisite
bottom-hole. We lay entranced for some time, until the doctor, who,
during our last bout, had purified himself, told us we must now get up.
With difficulty I tore myself from out of that delicious sheath, and
rose with my cock at last pendant. The doctor congratulated me on the
success of the last move. His wife lay still panting with all the
delight of satisfied desire, and we had to help her up. She threw
herself into my arms, and hugged me close to her heaving bosom, kissed
me tenderly, and hoped she had relieved me of all pain. I was her own
darling boy, and she would always be truly happy in relieving me of that
inconvenience whenever it troubled me. I was internally amused at their
continuing to keep up this idea, but I humoured them, and appeared the
most innocent simpleton, notwithstanding all that had occurred. The day
passed much as the previous one. After two hours’ reading, aunt again
proposed a walk, which, of course, ended at the summer house, where
again a pressure of water brought on the painful hardness, which aunt
succeeded in allaying after four most exquisite bouts of love, varied by
a thoroughly good double gamahuche between the last two acts. Aunt must
have spent at least ten times, and appeared thoroughly contented, but
continued to attribute it to her gratification at having relieved me of
my painful hardness. Again I passed hours in instructive conversation
with my learned uncle and after a similar evening to the last, retired
at our usual hour.

Next morning I was awakened by uncle alone, who told me that my aunt was
somewhat poorly, and could not come.

“I am sorry it is so, for this little fellow is as hard as usual.”

“Oh, I am so sorry dear aunt is poorly, both on her account and my own.
What shall I do, dear uncle? It is so hard and painful.”

“Well, my dear boy, I must try to allay it myself. I love you too dearly
to leave you in this state. I am not so good at allaying this painful
attack as your aunt, but as you know you were successfully relieved in
her bottom, and I in yours, yesterday, we shall try today if I can
accommodate this huge fellow, of which I have some doubts. Take off your
nightshirt as I do mine, it will be more commodious.”

In an instant we were both stark naked. We threw ourselves into one
another’s arms and lovingly kissed each other. Our tongues met in a
delicious sucking—our hands took each a prick, and we had a most
exciting and loving embrace. The doctor then took my prick in his mouth,
sucked it a little, and well lubricated it with his saliva, spitting on
the lower part of the shaft and rubbing it round with his finger. He
then knelt, and presenting a really beautifully rounded bottom of the
fairest hue, he pushed it out, showing a light brown corrugated
bum-hole, most tempting to look at. He desired me to wet it with my
saliva. I stooped and applied my mouth and tongue to the appetising
morsel, and thrust my tongue in as far as it would go—to his evident
delight, leaving it well moistened. I then brought my prick to the
entrance; he shoved his backside well out, and acted as if he desired to
void himself. A firm but slow pressure quickly engulphed the knob. The
doctor desired me to rest a moment, and drop some spittle on the shaft.
Again it was firmly pushed forward, and gradually it won its way up, the
belly against the buttocks, without much flinching on the doctor’s part.
After resting a while, he desired me to bend forward and feel his cock
while I should move backwards and forwards in the sheath until I was
relieved. I had a most delicious fuck. The doctor’s bottom-hole was
quite hot internally. His pressures with the sphincter were exquisitely
delicious, and he had acquired the charming side wriggle so exquisite in
quim fucking. Of course this was an old letch of his, which his position
as schoolmaster had given him so many opportunities of indulging in, and
the still greater pleasure of initiating others in it. At this very
moment he was delighted with his delusion about me in that respect. Of
course I never undeceived him, and he had all the extra delight of the
idea. My younger and hotter passions had made me spend before he could;
so after indulging me in a delicious soak after the ecstasy of the
discharge, he drew my attention to the rigidity of his own member,
which, he said, I must now allow him to allay in turn.

“Of course, my dear uncle, I am too sensible of your great kindness in
relieving me to hesitate about giving you the same relief.”

I now withdrew. He rose for a mutual loving embrace, and then I stooped,
and taking his fine milk-white prick with its lovely vermilion knob into
my mouth, most deliciously sucked it, making my tongue tickle the
entrance to the urethra, to his infinite delight. He murmured out soft
terms of endearment; then getting exceedingly lewd, he begged me to
kneel down as he had done. He then kissed and gamahuched my bottom-hole,
making my prick stand and throb again with delight. Then spitting on his
prick he quickly sheathed it in my glowing backside. After pausing to
enjoy the exquisite pleasure of complete insertion, he stooped, and
passing a hand round my belly laid hold of my stiff-standing prick with
one hand, while he gently pressed the ballocks with the other. We then
proceeded to active measures. He soon made me spend, which I did with
loud cries of delight, giving him the most exquisite pleasure by the
pressures the act of spending made me exercise on his pleased prick. He
soon resumed his thrusts, and eventually we both spent together in the
most ecstatic joy. I sank forward on the bed, dragging the doctor with
me still imbedded in the rapture-giving aperture of my backside. We lay
long in all the enchantment of delight. At last he withdrew completely
reduced, but was surprised to see me still in a rampant state. When I
got up he took my prick in his hand, praised its noble proportions, and
again stooping, took it in his mouth, frigging the lower shaft with one
hand; he then introduced two fingers into my bottom-hole, continued his
suction and movement on my prick in unison with the working of his
fingers up my bum-hole, and in this manner quickly produced a delicious
discharge in his mouth. I had placed my hands mechanically on his head,
and I nearly choked him as I thrust my prick halfway down his throat as
I spent. He greedily swallowed every drop, and then rising, embraced me
lovingly, telling me I had given him the greatest treat in the world,
and he loved me dearly. After this he invited me into his dressing room,
and we both entered the bath together and mutually laved each other.
Then dressing we joined aunt at breakfast. She had not the least air
_d’une malade_, but with a sly smile hoped the doctor had proved as
efficient as herself.

“Oh, yes, my dear aunt, and I am so much obliged to both of you for your
solicitude to relieve the pain I suffer in the morning, but it seems to
me that it more frequently and more severely attacks me than ever. I
only hope I shall not tire out your kindness by such frequent appeals to
your aid.”

“Oh, my darling nephew, do not imagine anything of the sort. We are but
too happy to be of any service to you.”

This was accompanied with a knowing smile cast at each other, caused by
my apparent uncommon simplicity, but which they were evidently glad to
see. We sat down and enjoyed a capital breakfast.

The day passed quite as the two preceding ones. Aunt asked me to walk
with her, and as before ended by leading me to the summer house, where,
after relieving my distress symptoms, as she called them, three times,
and finding that the relief was still inefficacious, she proposed to try
if by adopting my uncle’s position she could not be more successful. So
kneeling on the low ottoman, and throwing her clothes over her back, she
exposed all the glories of that most splendid backside, and dazzled my
sight with its huge magnificence and ivory-like surface, perfectly
milk-white, the pureness of which was equally perceptible through the
rich light curly hair that spread bush-like between her legs, and
wandering beautifully upwards between the cheeks of the enormous orbs,
stole round the charming corrugated aperture that I was about to
penetrate, the rosy circle of which appeared all too small to admit my
very large virile member. I threw myself on my knees, and first licking
out the wide open lips of her wondrously fine cunt, and taking care to
pay my respects to the small knob of her indurated clitoris, I
transferred all my attention to the smaller and most charming orifice.
After kissing it most lovingly, I thrust my tongue in as far as it would
go, and rolled it about to her infinite delight, while with my left hand
below I kept pressing and frigging at her excited clitoris. She wriggled
her glorious backside in all the agonies of the delicious excitement
until she spent most profusely, actually hurting my tongue with the
tightness of the squeeze her sphincter muscle gave as she poured down
her plentiful discharge over my chin and neck. In her grand excitement,
and wild with the fury of her lust, she cried out—

“Oh! fuck me, my darling, and shove your glorious prick into my
bottom-hole. Oh! fuck—fuck—fuck me directly!”

Inwardly delighted at this natural outbreak of her passions, naming
matters by their more appropriate terms, I replied by acts, without any
words at the moment. It may well be imagined I was myself in the most
rampant fury of desire. So bringing my raging prick up to her
magnificently large cunt, all foaming as it was with her recent
discharge, I plunged with a furious bound up to the codpiece at once.
She met my forward lunge with a backward push and a cry of delighted
satisfaction. I moved a few times in and out, so that my prick was white
with the foam of her delicious cunt. Then suddenly withdrawing, I
presented it at the entrance of the more secret temple of Venus, and
more gently pushed it home, she helping me with outthrust buttocks and
outward straining of the entrance, so that I most charmingly glided
slowly into the glowing furnace that was awaiting with such lascivious
desire to engulph and devour my longed-for prick. For, as I have before
observed, my dear aunt was gluttonous of a bottom-fuck, after being so
fucked in cunt as I had already served her. It was so deliriously tight
and hot that I lay in the exquisite rapture of complete insertion for
some minutes. I had seen my aunt’s arm move in a manner to convince me
she was frigging her own clitoris, in fact, the movement of her hand
frigging herself was felt by my codpiece. I let her continue, until
finding by the involuntary wriggling of her bottom that she was about
again to spend, I aided her with my prick, and had hardly made many
moves before she poured down another tribute of lust, with a squeal of
delight, and with such pressure on my prick as nearly drove him at once
to a similar discharge. I did my best, and succeeded in not following
suit. My aunt was insatiable, and I was glad to let her spend as often
as possible, and I so managed matters that she spent again before
joining me in the final crisis, which seized us together, and we died
away in joyous cries of thoroughly, though but momentarily, satisfied
desire. I sank on that magnificent back, as the languor that follows the
ecstatic moment overtook me, but it was only for a short time. The
exquisite internal pressures that my amorous and glorious aunt was
exercising on my delighted prick were too exciting not to rapidly
produce a reaction; nonetheless rapidly that it was in such a delicious
retreat as the pleasure-giving aperture of that gloriously exciting
backside. I was lying down on her broad back, so passing one hand round
to her large but firm bubby, I took its nipple between my fingers. The
other hand sought the knob of her still stiff clitoris. I excited both
while making a very gentle move with my hardly fully standing prick. I
felt at once how this gratified her, indeed, she often afterwards
assured me that such frigging, with the movement of the softened prick
gently working within her, was most exciting, and almost better than
when it was in full force. I soon made her spend again. Another of her
delights was to have a stiff prick shove away into her the instant after
she had spent, when she herself was at the moment incapable of action on
her part. She in after-days proved that her greatest pleasure was to
have a fresh-standing prick near, to take the place of one that had made
her spend, and had spent itself, and have it thrust into her with all
the vigour and lust the sight of the previous fucking had inspired and
fired it with. At this moment, as I had not spent, it was the exact
counterpart her libidinous imagination could have desired. I fucked and
frigged on until we both gave down in cries of joy our united tribute to
Venus. We both sank this time down on the couch in utter forgetfulness
of all but the ecstatic bliss with which we were overcome. We long lay
soaking in all the delightful sensations my adorable aunt’s convulsive
clutchings of my prick with her delicious close pressures excited. At
last she begged me to withdraw, although she could feel me now
restiffening under the delights of that exquisite interior. I would
fain have recommenced.

“You must not, my dear boy, it is more than nature can support, and I
must consider your youth; you have delighted me even beyond previous
delights—rise then my love, and let me embrace, thank, and love you as I
shall always do.”

I rose, and we threw ourselves into each other’s arms, lovingly kissing
and tongueing each other. Aunt then buttoned me up, first kissing and
taking a mouthful of my prick for a moment between her lips, and then
putting him away, calling it “my pretty doodle.” I seized the
expression, and said—

“Dear aunt, you called it my prick just now, and begged me to fuck you,
and to shove it well into your cunt. Are these the real names for my
doodle and your Fanny, and what does “fuck” mean, my darling aunt? Do
tell me, dear auntie? and teach me the language I ought to use when you
are so kindly relieving me of the pains of my now so frequent hardness.
I don’t know whether you have observed it, dear auntie, but I never
enter this summer house with you, but it becomes painfully hard at once;
to be sure you give me such exquisite pleasure in relieving me that I
could wish to have constant hardnesses as long as you were near to calm
them. Is this natural, dear aunt, or a disease? Pray tell me, and teach
me all the endearing terms you so lavish upon me while I am reducing my
hardnesses.”

My apparent simplicity evidently pleased her. She probably thought, too,
that as I must sooner or later really thoroughly understand the nature
of our intercourse, it would be much better she should, as it were, make
a confidant of me, and attach me more securely to herself. She begged me
to be seated and she fully explained everything to me. Of course I was
even better acquainted than herself with all she communicated, but I
confirmed the idea she evidently entertained of her being my first
instructress by various naive remarks on all she was telling me. Of
course I proved an apt scholar, and by my close-put questions brought
out all her own knowledge, and left nothing for me to learn. At the end,
I said—

“Do all women have such a delightful sheath—cunt I mean—between their
legs as you have, dear aunt?”

“Yes, my darling; but you must never stray to others; you will find none
so fond of you, or I may add, without vanity, so capable of satisfying
this dear fellow; but come, I see it will be dangerous to allow him to
stay here longer.”

She rose, but I quickly unbuttoned and produced my prick in an almost
grander state than ever. I begged of her to let me have one more “fuck”
now that I knew what it all really meant. I put it into her hand. Her
own previous descriptive lesson had aroused her lasciviousness. She
fondly grasped it, and stooping down, kissed it, saying she could not
resist its eloquent look. Throwing herself back on the couch, with her
clothes up, her feet on the edge, and her legs apart, her glorious cunt
lay open in its moist magnificence. I threw myself on my knees and
gamahuched her until she spent: and now, knowing her greatest letch, I
instantly brought my bursting prick up to her foaming cunt, plunged in
and began a furious movement, accompanying it with all the most
endearing bawdy phrases she had just, as she thought, taught me.

“Oh, my most gloriously cunted aunt, do I fuck you? Wriggle your arse
faster—that’s it! Do you feel my prick up to the hilt in your delicious
cunt? Oh! what pleasure you do give me!”

She replied as broadly. Passing her hand down she pressed my cods, and
asked if thus squeezing my ballocks added to my pleasure.

“Oh, yes, my love, your cunt, your arse, your bubbies, are all
delicious. Oh, I never before knew there could be such additional
pleasure to our fucking as using these endearing words produce.”

We were both so excited by the bawdy terms we so profusely used that we
went off in the utmost excess of ecstasy, and died away thoroughly
satiated with our libidinous and most lasciviously delicious fuck. It
was time to finish. So sliding off her, I again buried my face in her
delicious gaping and foaming cunt, my mouth, lips, nose, and cheeks were
covered with sperm; she drew me to her lips and licked it all off. Then
repairing our disordered dress we returned to the house, and found the
doctor impatiently awaiting us. Our flushed and excited faces at once
showed that we had been indulging in the greatest excess. He joked aunt
upon her skill in allaying such frequent attacks as I now appeared
subject to.

Aunt informed him that she had inadvertently in her lust made use of
expressions which had betrayed so much to me that she had found it
necessary to leave me nothing more to learn, and I was now fully aware
of the true nature of our connection; after luncheon he himself might
further enlighten me, for she was certain that complete confidence would
be the best policy to pursue; it must come about, sooner or later, and
it was far better it should come from him than that I should learn it
elsewhere. He said she was quite right, and that he would further
instruct me after luncheon, so we set to work on the viands before us,
to which I did ample justice.

I was thus, as they supposed, newly initiated in the mysteries of the
coition of the sexes. I shall reserve further details of our more
intimate and expansive experiences for the third volume of this true
Romance of Lust, and still of Early Experiences.

END OF VOLUME II.




VOLUME III.


CONTENTS


Aunt Brownlow—Harry Dale—Mrs. Dale and Ellen—Mrs. D.—Ellen—Mrs. D., Dr.
Brownlow, and Harry

After the luncheon, which closed the last volume, a churchwarden
occupied uncle for about an hour. When he had left off, uncle proposed a
walk in the garden. I could see at once what this was meant to lead to,
as he almost immediately turned in the direction of the summer house.
When we got there he sat down on the couch, and begged me to sit beside
him. He opened the subject at once by saying—

“My dear Charlie, I am very much pleased that your aunt has opened your
eyes to the real nature of our actions with you, which your simple
innocence had imagined to be a mere kindly relief to the overgorged
vessels of your virile member. Accident might have made you acquainted
with this through some less interested channel, and you might have
innocently betrayed your future position. I believe you to possess a
large fund of good sense and discretion, and the advice I shall give you
as to the conduct to pursue in future will not only be received with
confidence as meant for your future good, but listened to attentively
and acted upon. The world, my dear boy, and by that I mean Society in
general, condemns the practices we have lately been indulging in with
you. Their narrow prejudices ignore the fact that nature alone prompts
to these delightful acts, and that the great God of nature gifted us
with the powers necessary for their performance. But, as the world has
chosen to brand them with its censure, men of prudence, like myself,
whilst apparently conforming outwardly to such stupid prejudices, know
how in secret to fully enjoy them. I am blessed in your darling aunt
with a wife who fully understands and humours my desires. She is rarely
splendid in the glorious beauties of her body, and in temperament hot as
the most erotic of our sex could desire. Even in your ignorance you must
have felt the wonderful power of conferring carnal ecstatic pleasure she
possesses, and have heard how, in the energy of her passion, she allowed
her lust to betray her into the use of grossly bawdy terms, but which,
as they have enlightened you when best prepared to receive such
knowledge, is rather fortunate than otherwise. I speak thus frankly to
you, my dear boy, because I have found you of a rare facility in giving
and receiving erotic pleasures, and of a temperament worthy of the
descent from the same stock as your aunt. You are worthy of each other,
and formed to enjoy to the utmost each other’s carnal delights, and I
bless my happy star that has brought you both under my own roof.
Henceforth there must be no secrets between us. It was at my earnest
wish that your aunt relieved you; and, of course I had my own object in
view. In the first place I require some extra excitement to be able
myself to indulge in these delightful combats in love’s domain. You and
your aunt’s copulations were to me more exciting than you can imagine.
You will have observed, too, what is the real quarter to which, when
excited, I pay my devoirs. Glorious as is the backside of your
incomparable aunt, your young charms, virgin in that respect, excited me
still more. I began by gentle touches, and then tried the insertion of
my finger, when I saw you were far too busy operating within the orbit
of your lustful and lusty aunt to observe or even feel what I was doing.
I found a facility about your bottom as perfect for enjoyment as your
truly magnificent prick or cock was fitted for operating in its way. It
was then I suggested to your aunt to mount upon you, and afterwards made
you aware that your aunt possessed another aperture which could equally
well allay what you then looked upon as a source of pain. My object was
to lead you to the same point. Your innocent docility lent itself with
easy simplicity to all my desires. I saw that you entered readily into
your aunt’s glorious bum-hole, and allowed me to work with two fingers
in your own. Finding that it rather gave you pleasure than otherwise, I
proposed to abate my own stiffness in your bottom. Your affectionate
docility enabled me to obtain unfailing ecstasy. Your after-fucking of
me, while I was in my wife’s bottom, conferred the utmost erotic bliss
upon me, as you have experienced when operating and being operated upon.
These—these are the moments of a felicity your stupid prejudiced
worldlings know nothing of; and these are the pleasures which, now that
we have initiated you into all their secret mysteries, we will enjoy to
the utmost. To the true votaries of these love orgies grossness of
language is a stimulant to passion.
Fuck-frig—bugger—cunt—prick—ballocks—bubbies—arse-hole—are all sacred
words only to be pronounced when in the exercise of love’s mysteries. At
all other times a guarded decency of word, act, and gesture is
imperative, as enhancing the delight of an unbridled vocabulary in the
voluptuary of raging lust. I shall from time to time inculcate sage
precepts on this point—enough for the present. Let us now indulge in
mutual embraces.”

So ending, he took me in his arms and glued his lips to mine. Our
tongues met. Both our hands wandered, his on my prick, which immediately
responded to the touch, my hand was placed on his prick, but which was
only at half-cock. I rapidly unbuttoned, and brought it forth, then
stooping I took it in my mouth, and sucked it and fingered the root with
my hand. Then passing my other hand below, I sought to penetrate with my
finger into the interior of his fundament. He rose to a standing
position to enable me to enter his anus more easily. His prick quickly
standing fiercely showed how much I excited him. I ceased not until he
was in an agony of pleasure—forcing my head down on his prick until it
entered almost completely into my mouth, and shooting his sperm right
down my throat. I continued to suck and frig him until I produced
somewhat of a restiffening of his prick. He begged me to rise, that he
might take mine in his mouth, desiring me at the same time to take off
my trousers and lie down on the couch. I did so. He knelt at my side,
and first handling and examining it with loudly expressed admiration of
my noble weapon, he took its head in his mouth, and then with his hand
on its lower shaft, and finger up my fundament, brought on a similar
crisis as that I had produced on himself. He just as greedily swallowed
all. I had allowed my hand to fall down by the side of the couch, where
it encountered his prick, which had resumed its pristine vigour.

“Come my dear uncle,” said I, “and let us put it into its favourite
corner.”

I rose, and kneeling, turned my backside full in his face. He stooped,
caressed, kissed, and tongued the rosy orifice. With the plentiful
saliva with which the operation of sucking my prick had filled his
mouth, he moistened my bum-hole and his own prick, and then easily
glided up to the hilt within my delighted backside. Resting for a while
in all the ecstasies of insertion, which I heightened by my internal
pressures, he seized my prick which had stood again at once at the
pleasing sensation occasioned by the introduction of his prick in my
bottom. Thus frigging my prick and fucking my arse, with occasional
pauses to lengthen out our pleasures, he at last brought matters to a
most exquisite termination, and died away in cries of joy as we poured
forth a mutual torrent of sperm. Uncle continued soaking in all the
blissful after-sensations, which I did everything in my power to enhance
by the delight-giving pressures of my sphincter muscle. When he withdrew
and rose to his legs, he helped me up, and drew me to his bosom, and we
had a long kiss of gratified desire, tongueing each other the while, and
handling our ballocks with mutual gratification. My uncle was profuse in
his praises of my docility and aptitude, declaring that his pederastic
enjoyment of my person excelled all he had ever experienced in his long
practice of the habit, and my delicious sideways wriggle was superior to
the very fine bum-fucking his adorable wife had the art of giving him:
then there was the further excitement of handling the very finest prick
he had ever met with.

“It is no flattery to you, my dear Charles,” he said, “but mere justice
to its superb dimensions and admirable power.”

Here he stopped, and sucked anew its reeking head, getting a few more
drops out. We then purified ourselves—a basin with water was kept in a
small cupboard purposely for such occasion, for I afterwards learned the
place had been the scene of innumerable contests of the same kind with
aunt and other boys. Having readjusted our disordered habiliments, we
left the grounds, and took a long quiet walk in the fields; the good
doctor inculcating admirable advice to me, whom he considered an
innocent tyro in love’s ways. Nevertheless, all he taught me only
strengthened my high opinion of the wisdom of dear Mrs. Benson, and the
adorable Frankland, whose opinion of what was likely to happen to me at
the rectory had been so quickly realised. We returned in time to dress
for dinner. The evening passed as the previous ones. I was conducted to
my room, and left alone to recruit my forces by a quiet night’s rest. I
may here incidentally mention that it was a rule of uncle and aunt, very
rarely departed from, to send their favourites to their lonely couches
as a means of restoring their powers, and reinvigorating them for
daylight encounters—both the dear creatures loving to have the fullest
daylight on all the charms of their participants in pleasure, at the
same time yielding an equally undisguised inspection of their own. This
was their principle reason, but they also considered it advisable as a
restorative, and a useful precaution not to overstrain the energies of
the youths they both so much enjoyed. My late experiences at home had
already taught me the advantage and utility of a quiet night’s rest
after frequent contests in the fields of Venus and Juno.

I slept on this occasion with a deep and continuous slumber, until I was
awakened by my uncle, who came to summon me to the arms of his wife,
who, in the splendour of her full-blown charms awaited me in her own
bed, naked as the day she was born. Her arms outstretched, she invited
me to the full enjoyment of her glorious person. The doctor drew my
nightshirt over my head, and in a moment I was locked in the close
embrace of that superb creature. We were both too hot to wait for
further preliminaries, but went at it in furious haste, and rapidly paid
our first tribute to the god of love. The doctor had acted postillion to
both of us, with a finger up each anus. The exquisite pressures of my
aunt’s cunt reinvigorated me almost without a pause, and we proceeded at
once to run a second course. Uncle got three fingers into her divine
bottom-hole, as her legs were thrown over my waist, and her immense
buttocks well thrown up enabled him to have full play between the cheeks
of her backside. This double operation made the dear lascivious creature
spend again in a very few movements, and giving her hardly time to
finish her discharge, I fucked on with double force, and with prick as
hard as wood, as fast I could work. This furious onset, which was the
most exciting thing she knew of, rapidly caused a third discharge. To
prevent my own prick from spending too quickly, I held somewhat back;
then again we went at it fast and furious, and the dear lustful
creature, with cries of joy, spent again with me, and fainted from
excess of pleasure; but her glorious cunt continued to throb on my
delighted prick, as if it would nip it off by the roots. I never met
with so lusciously large a cunt, or one with a greater power of
pressure. She could quite hold even an exhausted prick a complete
prisoner in these most delicious and velvety folds. Great as was the
power of Miss Frankland’s cunt in that way, aunt beat her. I may here
mention an occurrence that took place some time after this period. It
was during a rare opportunity from an accidental absence of the doctor,
when I was sleeping with my gloriously beautiful aunt. I had fucked her
to her heart’s content before we slept, and again on waking, in full
daylight, after which we rose to relieve our natural wants. I laid
myself down on the floor, that I might completely see my dear aunt
piddle from her splendid cunt. It was a glorious sight, which instantly
fired my passions and was at once followed by a fuck on the floor, my
aunt’s enormous backside being quite cushion enough, and we enjoyed the
novelty of the thing amazingly. She was loud in her praises of my
indefatigable prick, which, with its vigour and superb dimensions, was
beyond all she had ever seen or felt, and just fitted her large and
luscious cunt, which had never before been so well filled. This remark
reminded me of a desire I had long had to have a thorough investigation
of that immense and splendid object. I expressed a wish to that effect.

“My darling boy, anything you like, you could not have a better
opportunity, my legs point to the window, so you have the fullest
sight—look, feel, frig, fuck, or bugger, all is at your free
disposition—only give me a pillow from the bed, as the floor is too hard
for me to continue so long as you are likely to be.”

I jumped up and gave her two pillows. Then laying her limbs wide open,
with knees bent, the magnificence of that luscious cunt lay in all its
grandeur before me. I have before described what a large, but splendidly
proportioned woman she was—small feet, and clear-run ankles, large, but
admirably turned calves, very small knees, above which rose the very
finest and fleshiest of thighs, worthy supporters of what I have already
described as the largest and finest backside my eyes ever lighted on.
Immense hips, and wonderfully and naturally small waist, above which
were her superb, large, fine, and firm bubbies that stood out when
naked, as hard and firm as those of the youngest of women; a charming
neck, and well-posed head with most pleasing and beautiful features
crowned the whole. Her arms were superb, and equal in proportion to her
other grand and splendid limbs. The flesh was of the most delicious
creamy white, without a spot or a blemish. The hair of the head,
plentiful in the extreme, and so long and thick that when undone it fell
all around her and below her superb buttocks, so that she could shake it
out all round, and completely hide her nakedness. Often and often has
she allowed me to pose her in every way, and shake it out all over her,
and well she might, for no matter how often I might have fucked her
previously, it was sure to produce at least three more encounters, one
of which was always in her backside, a most favourite way with her and
which she declared was by far the most pleasurable provided the other
aperture had been previously well fucked. With such a taste, of course,
her greatest pleasure was to have two pricks in her at once, the _ne
plus ultra_ of erotic satisfaction. To return to the inspection I was
about to describe, which was really the first at my full disposition,
for although I had often gamahuched, felt and seen the beautiful object,
it was when my passions were excited, and when the gratification of lust
alone prompted me, a state of mind opposed to close observation of
natural beauties. Now, repeated tributes to the god of lust had cooled
my ardour for the moment, and left me to the perfect enjoyment of the
sight before me, with the temper to inspect its full-blown beauties in
the minutest way. I have said before that my aunt had one of the
broadest, most prominent, and most beautiful mounts of Venus that I ever
saw. It was thickly covered with beautiful silky fair curls, which did
not hinder you from seeing her exquisite skin below. The sweep round, to
pass between her thighs, was bold and graceful. In the middle was a well
defined semi-circular depression, from whence the large, thick and
beautifully pouting lips of her cunt commenced, which in her present
position lay partially open. You could just see where the clitoris lay
snug. I have already observed that this was not largely developed, nor
were the inner labia of her cunt at all projecting, indeed, they were
not visible, unless her legs, with bent knees, were stretched apart, as
at present. On each side of these luscious pouting lips, and the long
immense pinky gash, was a triangle of considerable space, such, in fact,
as is only to be seen in a woman of the splendidly large proportions of
my aunt; this was covered as much as her mount with fair silky curls,
which ran down to her beautiful corrugated and rosy bottom-hole. Nothing
could be finer or more beautiful than the sight, as she thus lay fully
exposing every part in the broadest daylight. After handling and
admiring all, I laid the lips well back and apart, and there they kept
open. Nothing could be more charming than the interior of that most
enchanting cunt, of an exquisite salmon-pink in colour, nothing was out
of order. The clitoris, which bulged out in excitement from my touches
of all the parts around, lay first in the upper partition of the pouting
lips; then became below, slightly open, a charming entrance to the
urethra, larger than usual, to allow the mighty rush of waters to pour
from it when piddling; below this was the opening of the vagina, which I
parted with my fingers, and could see even to the corrugated sides of
that exquisite pleasure-giving sheath; then followed some sinuosity of
pinky flesh, whose duty it was to stretch to allow the largest prick to
penetrate. Half-an-inch beyond was the rosy orifice of her bottom. Such
was the exquisite scene before my delighted eyes. I proceeded with my
internal examination. Thrusting in three fingers of each hand, I forced
open by literal pressure the lips, until I could see to a depth of four
or five inches. It was a most beautiful sight. The sheath appeared to
have ribs running round it about half-an-inch apart, and I could see
they were the means of causing the exquisite pressures her cunt could so
ecstatically exercise. Indeed, excited by my _attouchements_, I could
see them contracting and relaxing. It was, doubtless, these ribs that
seemed to exercise a sort of peristaltic motion on the prick, when
reposing at full stand in that glorious cunt. I was able so widely to
open this splendid vagina that I thought I would try to get my hand
altogether in. Projecting my fingers forward, with the first and fourth
drawn under the middle ones and the thumb between, I pushed them
forward, and as the whole cunt was reeking with my last discharge, and
was well lubricated, I glided on; there was a little difficulty at the
knuckles, but I exerted a slight, gentle pressure, and in all went. Aunt
winced a little, and asked what I was doing. I told her.

“It is all in, my darling?”

“Yes, Auntie.”

She closed upon it, and squeezed it quite hard.

“Oh, how nice!” she exclaimed, “push it further in.”

I advanced, and could feel the end of her womb, which appeared like
three points to fingers and the thumb drawn together, and looked at
endways is something like what it felt—of course, without the nails.
Aunt asked me if I could double my fist where it was. I had no
difficulty, as the part yielded to the greater bulk. Aunt cried out—

“My darling boy, that is delicious; push it further in.”

I did so, and began working within her, backwards and forwards. She
wriggled her splendid backside in ecstasy, and before I had made a dozen
movements, poured down upon my hand and arm a torrent of almost boiling
liquid, and went off with a cry of enjoyment. Her arms and legs relaxed,
and she lay quite still in the utmost after-enjoyment, but with a
pressure on my arm and fist quite wonderful. Knowing how she liked the
movement to be continued at such a moment, I worked in and out slowly.
She soon recovered, and again seconded my movements, and again went off
in all the fury of lust, accompanied with shouts of excitement, urging
faster movements, and again went off in all the fury of her most
libidinous nature, and spent most profusely. All this had now brought me
into as furious a state as herself. I wanted to withdraw and substitute
my prick, not only from the state of excitement I was in, but also to
experience the effects of such a well-stretched cunt upon my
lesser-sized weapon. But so tight did my aunt hold my imprisoned hand
that I could not withdraw. I begged her to let it go, as I wanted to
fuck her instantly, but she prayed me to give her one more of such
exquisite manoeuvres, it was a joy beyond anything she had ever before
experienced, so she begged her darling boy to join. On I went as she
desired, and a more exciting picture of furious lust never met my sight.
I helped her final discharge by thrusting two fingers in her bum-hole.
Never shall I forget the grip she gave my arm and fingers when she
spent. It was positively painful, and showed the enormous force of
passionate lust. She went off in such a fury of excitement that I
thought she had fainted outright. But her pressures continued all the
time. It was long before she recovered her senses, and my arm was
aching, and my prick bursting. At last she exclaimed—

“Oh! where am I? I have been in paradise.”

“Dear aunt,” I cried, “do let me out. I am bursting to fuck you, and I
can’t get my arm out, if you don’t relax your grip of my wrist.”

“I can’t help it, my dear boy, it is involuntary, put your other hand on
my mount, and pull steadily, but not with a jerk.”

I did so, and really it required considerable force to withdraw it,
notwithstanding I had previously unclenched my hand. I jumped
immediately upon her, and at one bound plunged into that vast cavity, up
to the cods. It immediately closed upon me, and tight as she usually
held me, she really appeared to do so this time tighter than ever, so
wonderfully gifted was that longest, highest, and most luscious cunt I
ever fucked. You may easily imagine the rapid ending of such raging
lust. I spent with cries more like the braying of a donkey than any
other sound, and then lay like one dead on that glorious belly, with
head reposing between the firm and splendid bubbies, aunt clasping me to
her bosom, panting with all it had just granted. We lay long in ecstatic
trance of the delicious after-sensations. Our mutual internal throbbings
gradually re-excited all our passions. With renewed ardour I quickly
made my lascivious and libidinous aunt spend again on my delighted
prick, which kept ramming at her during the swoon-like pause which
spending produced; she had taught me this was exquisite delight to her.
She soon resumed the full swing of her lust, but suddenly stopping,
said—

“Charlie, my darling, withdraw, and shove it in behind.” She quickly
turned round, with great agility, prompted by the excess of her desires.
I was behind her in an instant, and as my prick was reeking with the
fuck she had just so plentifully bedewed it with, and the divine lower
orifice had also received its tricklings, I had no difficulty in pushing
firmly but not too forcibly right up to the meeting of her stupendous
buttocks and my belly. She sighed deeply with delight, when she felt me
fully imbedded, and began the delicious side wriggle, while I remained
for some minutes quiet, that I might enjoy the superb beauty of those
mighty orbs, in all their play of passion. Aunt grew furious with lust.
Her hand was actively frigging both clitoris and cunt. She called out to
me to shove on; two or three thrusts on my part, and the dear, lecherous
creature again poured down her nature. I paused to restrain my own
discharge, but made my prick throb within its most exquisite sheath,
which never ceased responding most deliriously. It was but for a minute
or two, when my own fierce passion drove me to very energetic action. My
delighted aunt seconded my movements, fast and furious grew our sport,
until, with cries of the wildest lust, we both spent deliciously
together. I sank on her glorious bottom and back, and by embracing her
superb bubbies with both hands, until her exquisite pressures again
renewed my forces, and drove me on to another delightful career, in
which again the hot lust of my aunt drew down from her several
discharges to my one. At last we sank both together, in all the joys of
fully satiated desire. Again I lay for some time on that broad and
beauteous back, until aunt said I must withdraw, as she had great
natural want. I instantly withdrew, out he came with a loud plop,
followed immediately by a tremendous succession of farts. Aunt professed
to be quite horrified, but I only burst into a loud fit of laughter and
told the dear creature to fart, piss, or shit, whenever she felt
inclined, I should only love her the better. She said she must at once
do the latter, and was running off to the water closet as soon as she
could hurry on some clothes. But I drew out the chamber, and begged her
to sit down there at once. It would give me pleasure and excite me as
well. She was too hard pressed to hesitate, so sitting down, she had a
“hell of a let-fly” as a military friend of mine used to say. I stooped
over her back, caressed her bubbies and when she turned up her delighted
face, our lips were glued together in a loving kiss, while my nose
sniffed the really delicious odour that came from her. When she had
done, she begged me to hand her a towel to wipe herself.

“No, no, my darling aunt, nothing of the sort; stoop down forward on to
your knees, and I will lick the delicious orifice clean with my tongue.”

She laughed, kissed me, and told me I was a darling boy, just after her
own heart, but hardly expected I had already acquired the tastes of my
uncle, the rector, whose letch lay in that practice. She let herself
down on her knees as her sublime arse raised itself from the pot, and
stooping her head low down, presented her immense buttocks before me,
with the chink between well-stretched open. I move the pot on one side,
threw myself on hands and knees, and eagerly kissing the exquisite
orifice, greedily licked it clean, and thrusting my tongue well within,
rolled it about, to the great delight of dear aunt, whose passions were
instantly aroused, and her divine backside began to wriggle. I shoved my
thumb up her cunt, and frigged until she spent. Meanwhile my own unruly
member had become distended to his full size, and was throbbing with
desire. So raising my body erect, I brought him again to the rosy
orifice I had just been tongueing, and to my aunt’s infinite delight,
again housed him as far as he could go, and again began active
operations, which I continued until aunt’s lasciviousness again made her
spend. I paused a little after this, or otherwise I should have gone off
myself. Stooping over the glorious bottom, I replaced her hand with my
own, and began frigging her clitoris, till her passions, again excited,
made her begin ecstatic movements, in which I joined until the grand
crisis seized us both together, ushered in with cries of joy. We spent,
and sank down sideways on the floor in quite a death swoon of ecstatic
and satisfied lust. Here we lay quite exhausted for some time. At last
aunt let me out, and begged me to rise.

“I must purify you, my darling boy, as you did me.” And seizing my limp
prick in her mouth she sucked it clean, until she began to feel symptoms
of the resurrection of the flesh. She hastily rose, and said—

“No, Charlie, you have done far too much tonight. I must see you to your
bed, that you may get at least a couple of hours sleep.”

She took up my nightshirt, threw it over me, led me to my bedroom,
tenderly embraced me, and thanked me for such a night of pleasure as she
had never in all her life enjoyed the equal. Then locking me in, she
retired to her own bed. It may well be supposed that after such
exertions, I slept the sleep of the just for many hours. My aunt had
frequently come to look at me, but seeing me in so sound a slumber,
would not have me disturbed—a politic proceeding, as it resulted in a
fuller indulgence in the summer house that day than would have happened
if my powers had not been restored by refreshing sleep.

This kind of life had been going on for nearly three weeks. The doctor
became less easy to move. One morning I had fucked my aunt twice; the
doctor’s prick at the end of the second had stiffened to about half
stand. I took it into my mouth, which, with handling his ballocks and
postillioning his bottom-hole, brought him up to the full standard. He
proposed to bugger aunt while I did the same kind office to himself. A
caprice seized me, and I proposed, on the contrary, that we should both
fuck aunt’s capacious cunt at once. Aunt, for form’s sake, cried out
against it, but the idea tickled the fancy of my uncle, who would not
only enjoy all the beauties of my aunt’s glorious backside in motion,
but could postillion her as well. So I lay down on my back, aunt mounted
me, and presented her splendid bum to the attack of her excited husband.
He first thrust his prick up to the hilt in her luscious and
well-bedewed cunt; when well lubricated, he withdrew, to allow me to
make my place in full possession, then bringing his stiff-standing prick
against the root of mine, pressing it well down, he gently shoved
forward, and gradually sheathed himself within the well-stretched and
capacious orbit of my aunt, who winced a little in pretended pain, but
who, by the grip she immediately gave to the double fuck within her,
showed how much gratified she was. After a pause of enjoyment, I gave
the signal for exact joint movements, both pulling out gently, and
sliding slowly in again. Two or three thrusts, aided by the doctor’s
finger in her bottom-hole, sufficed to make dear lecherous aunt spend
profusely. We increased our speed, but still not fast, which quickly
reawakened all aunt’s lust. Before we ourselves were ready, the dear
lascivious creature again poured down her nature, boiling hot, on our
delighted pricks. This produced such excitement upon us that we could no
longer restrain our own desire to come to the ecstatic conclusion. Our
movements became more rapid. We each felt the electric-like sensation of
the approaching crisis. Aunt doubly felt the influence of our increasing
speed and hardness, and was as ready as ourselves to pour down the
tribute to the goddess of love or lust, holy Mother Venus. The novelty,
the pressure, and the excess of pleasure declared itself in the loud
cries of the last crisis, as we all died away in the enrapturing
sensations produced by the intense satisfaction our desires had
experienced. We lay long wrapped in the after-ecstasy; aunt’s delicious
internal movements began again. The doctor’s prick had shrunk to a merry
piece of inanimate dough, and he withdrew, begging us at the same time
to change our position, and let him enjoy seeing me attack my aunt in
rear. This inflamed me at once. Aunt rolled from off me. I took my place
behind, and we ran a most delicious course, rendered much more excitable
to me by the introduction of uncle’s two fingers up my fundament, which
kept time with my action in the delicious aperture of my aunt’s most
superb and glorious backside, the movements of which beneath my
delighted gaze had not been the least stimulating part of the enjoyment.
The crisis was most ecstatic, and I sank exhausted on her broad buttocks
and beautiful back, to clasp her lovingly in my arms and sob out bawdy
terms of the warmest endearment. The doctor, who had very much enjoyed
the sight, but who pointed out the sadly downcast state of his prick,
which had been in no wise excited by the scene, said to his wife—

“My darling, we must have recourse to the grand remedy, I will also
initiate dear Charlie into a new mystery of love, of which he can have
no idea.”

I guessed at once what he meant, but professing extreme ignorance, I
begged him to tell me what it was. Aunt rose and said—

“My darling, your uncle requires his blood to be excited by flogging his
buttocks with a birch rod.”

“How odd,” said I, “I never felt anything but the severest pain when I
was flogged, and I took precious good care not to deserve it again. How
then can it excite?”

“You shall see, my dear.”

She opened her wardrobe and produced a formidable rod of fine fresh-cut
birch twigs. The doctor begged me to lie down on my back—he got over me,
and we commenced sucking each other’s pricks. Mine stood at once, as the
doctor, in addition to sucking, thrust a couple of fingers up my
bottom-hole, and frigged away as fast as he sucked. The doctor’s
buttocks were left at the mercy of aunt, who flogged away at them with
no gentle hand. I spent before the doctor could quite get his prick to
standing point, but the copious torrent I poured into his mouth, and his
after-suction on my prick, in addition to the red raw state of his
buttocks, at last brought him up to full stand. He wanted to put it into
me when ready, but aunt said that as flogger she had herself become
greatly excited, and must have it herself.

“While this dear prick,” throwing herself on it, and sucking it, “shall
fuck me at the same time.”

I was quite ready, and she straddled across me, and guided my now
longing prick into her luscious cunt. She soon stopped, and we tongued
each other while the doctor was mounting to the assault on her delicious
bottom-hole. As soon as he was housed, we began another charming course,
in which aunt, as usual, spent frequently before our less lecherous
natures were ready to join in one general and exquisite discharge. We
went off in furies of delighted lust, and then sank exhausted in the
delicious after-sensation. We long lay in the sweet inanition and luxury
of satiated lust. At last we disconnected ourselves, rose, and laved
each other with cold water, more as a restorative than as a
purification. Aunt and I had two bouts after—one in front and one
behind. The doctor would not allow a fresh application of the birch, as
he said it would only produce so great an exhaustion as would require
days to restore. I retired after this, but ever afterwards the doctor
was regularly birched before he could even copulate once. Sometimes he
required to flog my aunt’s glorious bum to excite his fading powers,
declaring that it was almost as exciting as being flogged. He even gave
it me gently, although I hardly ever required it, but I professed my
surprise at its efficiency.

The holidays were at an end, but I was as yet the only boarder. There
were, however, some twenty or thirty youths from the neighbourhood, who
were day scholars at the doctor’s school. Among these the doctor had his
pick in the flogging way, but he never allowed them to know anything of
our other proceedings, or to imagine that the birching which took place
was otherwise than as a punishment for faults or inattention. However, I
was generally the chosen companion of these whippings, in which I acted
as horse, or holder of the boy to be flogged. Of course I took good care
to expose as much as possible their lovely cocks, as well as their plump
bottoms, and as this excited me as well as the doctor, it often ended,
after the culprit was dismissed, in my flogging the doctor, followed by
a mutual rack off in each other’s bottoms.

There was one fine, plump, girlish-looking youth, named Dale, who was
here for the first half. He had not as yet been brought up for
punishment, although the doctor had confided to me the letch he had
taken to flog his fine fat bottom. One day, Master Dale brought a sealed
note from his widowed mother, who lived about a mile from the village,
in a charming cottage ornee. The doctor read the note. By chance I was
looking at him, and saw a smile of joy light up his features.

“Come here, Master Dale,” said he in a mild and gentle voice, “your
mother tells me that you have behaved in a most shameful manner to your
pretty young cousin, who is residing with your mamma.”

Master Dale blushed scarlet, for he was not aware until now that anyone
had been a witness to the scene that had taken place between him and his
pretty cousin.

This was what had passed. The cousin, a lovely girl of fifteen, was in a
secluded spot in the garden, near an arbour, the preceding afternoon.
She was bending down, tying up a flower close to the ground, which made
her stoop to such a degree that she could only reach it with ease by
having her legs wide apart. Her back was towards the walk by which young
Dale was advancing. As he approached unheard by her, he could not fail
to see peeping out between the stretched open expanse of snowy drawers
the inner part of her well-rounded globes of dimpled ivory. Her shift
had somehow worked upwards, and revealed all the charms of her delicate
young bum and plump white thighs. The sight inflamed the youth beyond
measure. He crept up noiselessly quite close to her, and, stooping down
until his head was below the level of her raised petticoat, he feasted
his eyes for some time with the lovely prospect before him, her little
virgin rosebud slit, its pink and pouting lips, plump little mount
already delicately shaded with a curly foliage that promised soon to be
much more dense, together with the swell of her lovely young thighs and
calves. All this was quite unsuspected by the object of his admiration,
who was absorbed in her garden operations. At length, however, the
excited youth could not resist the temptation of applying his soft warm
hand to the parts he was admiring, which made Miss scream slightly—she
thinking it was some insect up her petticoats—exclaiming—

“Oh, dear! oh, dear!”

But turning her head round, she discovered the delinquent.

“Forgive me, Ellen dear, but really you exposed so very pretty a sight
while stooping that upon my word I could not help it.”

Now girls are curious as well as boys, perhaps more so; and if the truth
must be told, Miss had for some time past longed for an opportunity to
become better acquainted with things in general, and, therefore, thought
here was a chance not to be thrown away. So, after some little show of
resistance on her part, for decency’s sake, it was agreed between them
that he should have a good look at _hers_, if he would afterwards show
her _his_. Miss Ellen had never seen a male “diddle,” as she and her
young playfellows called it, not even that of a boy, and she was all
excitement and expectation to feel with her own hand the “funny thing,”
for so a communicative servant-maid had described it, who at the same
time had fully explained the theory of its use, which made Miss long to
obtain some practical knowledge also. So to the arbour they both
adjourned. Miss Ellen first lay back upon the seat, while the young
rogue unfastened her drawers, and pulling them down, feasted his eyes
with a full view of her virgin charms as long as he pleased, for Miss
Ellen was a lecherous little maid, who really felt a precocious pleasure
in being thus exposed to the close observation and admiration of one of
the opposite sex, although for form’s sake she covered her blushing face
with her delicate little hands. He touched _it_, pressed _it_, rubbed
_it_ with his finger. Her thighs trembled and opened. Taught by nature,
he imprinted a burning kiss on the lovely little quim before him. She
sighed, and mechanically put her hand on his head and pressed it closer
to her naked skin. Guided by his feelings, he indulged in movements of
his lips and pressures which speedily excited the amorous little maid to
such an extent as to make her give down with a deep and trembling sigh
the first tribute of her virgin cunt. Feeling the warm liquid oozing
from the pouting orifice on his closely pressed lips, he could not help
tasting it with his tongue. This reawakened very quickly the
sensibilities of the lecherous little thing, and awoke her to the desire
to practise a like pleasure with his cock. So reminding him of his
promise, she made him stand up before her, while she undid his trousers
with her fairy fingers, all trembling with excitement, and drew out his
stiff affair, which already gave promise of a very respectable future,
now swollen to a size it had never before known. Delighted at the sight
of so bewitching a plaything, she made him lie down as she had done, and
kneeling beside him, with cheeks glowing with excitement, she closely
examined every part of the rampant little member. Strange to say, no
hand, hardly even its owner’s, had as yet invaded its virgin precincts,
and it had not yet had its ruby head fully uncovered, although he was
upwards of fifteen. The delight caused by the touch of her warm hand
pressing and encircling his stiffened cock was most exquisite. She was
not long, however, before she became curious to see what could possibly
be underneath the skin that covered its rounded head. In her toying she
sought to draw the skin back over the head, a slight cry of pain from
him caused her to stop. But when, be she young or be she old, is a
woman’s curiosity to be baulked. She had managed to draw it back a short
way, and now it suddenly occurred to her that by the help of a little
moisture her object might be accomplished without hurting the dear
fellow. By an impulse of passion she stooped and took the rosy head into
her delicious little mouth, closing her coral lips around it, and
lubricating it with her tongue, to the intense gratification of the
youth, who involuntarily wriggled his body about voluptuously, and could
not help raising it up to her mouth. This movement, combined with the
pressure of the lips, perfectly succeeded, without further pain, in
completely unhooding the charming little cock she was so deliciously
embracing in the soft folds of her lips. She lifted up her head to see
the result. The tight foreskin had closed below the nut, and left the
now fiery red head bursting with excitement, and visibly throbbing with
intensity of passion. Her joy and delight at this full revelation of the
“funny thing,” as she continued to call it, now knew no bounds. She
drove him nearly frantic with her ardent caresses—she again drew the
covering over the vermilion head, and still finding that it did not
easily return again, she thrust her head down upon it, and with lips,
mouth, and tongue began again her attempt to unhood it. Poor Dale was
brought up to the wildest state of excitement, his hands involuntarily
pressed down her head, his body rose to meet it, and at that ravishing
instant the grand crisis seized him, and, with a cry of delight, he shot
forth his first tribute to Venus within the delicious mouth in which he
was enclosed. The ecstatic gush poured down the throat of the dear girl,
and she gulped it all down by the mere effort to avoid choking. Poor
Dale’s hands fell down insensibly from her head, which she instantly
withdrew, and gazed on the youth. To her great surprise she beheld the
so lately rampant weapon drooping its head and withdrawing within its
shell, while some few drops of a milky white creamy like liquid were
slowly oozing from the small orifice of its head. While she gazed it
reduced itself to a mere shadow of its former state, and the foreskin
slowly covered again the so lately fiery and bursting head. She was lost
in wonder, and was about to express her surprise at the strangeness of
the whole affair, but they now became aware that footsteps were
approaching. Fortunately for them, as they thought, the noise of the
gravel underfoot was distinguishable at such a distance that they had
time to arrange their clothes, and when Dale’s mother appeared at the
arbour, she found them, on entering, quietly seated and talking
together; and thanks to the youth’s discharge in his cousin’s sweet
mouth, without any tell-tale flushings of his face. Little did they
suspect she had already seen all.

This then was Master Dale’s misconduct, and this it was that had been
fully and minutely detailed in the note sent by this mother to the
doctor, with a request that he should punish him well in whatever way he
should think proper. The note further begged to know the terms for his
becoming a boarder with the doctor, as she could no longer have him
residing in her house with her orphan niece, whose guardian she was. You
may easily imagine the double delight of the doctor. Another boarder, a
point of some consequence to him after a previous scandal which,
although hushed up, had deprived him of house pupils; and now with two,
he foresaw a quick return to his full number; and then his delight at
having to flog young Dale, and the erotic pleasure of drawing from him
the exciting description of their young loves and voluptuous actions.

“Now Master Dale,” said the doctor, “you and I have an account to
settle, follow me.”

And without a word further he led him into his private room, where, as
was generally understood in the school, he birched the worst offenders.
Arrived in the room alone with the young culprit, he locked the door,
and taking a large cutting birch rod from a closet, sat down on a sofa.
He called the youth to him and told him to unbutton and let down his
trousers, and tuck up his shirt well under his waistcoat. This being
done, the doctor said—

“Now, Master Dale, we shall see if this birch will cool your itching for
feeling your pretty cousin’s private parts.”

Poor Dale had never yet been punished more severely than by the hand of
his mamma, and certainly trembled at the sight of the formidable birch
rod threatening his now bare bottom; yet, notwithstanding his fears, the
allusion to the pretty private parts of his cousin so fired his
imagination that his cock instantly stiffened and stood out, to the
infinite delight of the doctor, who augured therefrom a future further
felicity. Keeping him standing close beside him, and enjoying the sight
of his youthful charms so deliciously exposed immediately before his
eyes, he proceeded—

“So, Master Dale, you have, it seems, been gratifying yourself with
looking and feeling between the legs and thighs of a pretty young girl
of fifteen, your cousin, is she not?”

“Yes, sir,” sobbed out the youth.

The doctor’s gaze was fixed upon the stiff and rampant member of the
youth, watching the throbbings produced by every allusion to the
luscious scene of the day before.

“Now, come, tell me all about it,” said he, putting his arm round the
sobbing boy’s waist, and making him stand still closer beside him. “Was
she such a very pretty girl?”

Another throb of the rampant member.

“Yes, sir.”

“And you saw all her legs, thighs, plump little bottom, rosy pouting
little _slit_”—(_throb_—_throb_—_throb_)—“moist with the dew of
excitement and amorous play eh?”

The little machine seemed ready to burst at the thought of it.

“And did it have the same effect as I see it now has on _this?_ Dear me,
how naughty it is.”

And here the lecherous doctor took the rampant little cock in his hand
and pressed it.

“And what did she do to this, did she touch it so?” squeezing it gently.

“Yes, sir,” stammered out the youth, who was getting greatly excited.

“And so?” said the doctor, passing his hand gently and caressingly up
and down the stiffened and throbbing little cock.

“Yes, sir.”

“And so, too, I’ll be bound,” pushing back the foreskin off the head,
and as quickly replacing it, several times.

“Ye—es. Oh! sir; oh! oh!”

The boy’s feelings, as the doctor swiftly frigged his cock, began to be
exquisite. The doctor could not resist the temptation of bringing things
to a crisis. Clasping the youth tightly with one arm, he continued his
toying with the plaything in a quick exciting manner, apparently without
reflecting upon what he was about, uttering, at intervals—

“Dear me,” and “how naughty it was of you; but how pretty she must have
been to tempt you to do so, was it not?”

The lovely youth was now in paradise. In the exquisite sensations of
pleasure he felt he was losing all consciousness when the doctor
suddenly stopped short and said—

“This is indeed, a pretty piece of business, seducing your young cousin;
you must be cured of such doings in future by means of a good flogging
with an excellent birch rod, and on this your saucy bottom.”

Here he let fall the arm that had clasped the boy’s waist, and let his
hand wander over the plump, hard, and lovely orbs. The doctor now took
up the rod which he had previously dropped to occupy his hand with the
charming young prick he had just been so deliciously frigging. Shaking
the rod angrily at the now trembling youth, he exclaimed, in a fierce
voice—

“Now, you young rascal, down, down on your knees, and beg to be
flogged.”

The poor boy was forced, trembling, to obey. This over, the doctor
commanded the delinquent to lie down across the sofa. Reluctantly he
complied, but at last he straddled across it with his snow-white plump
backside fully bared to view, and a fair mark to the threatening rod. He
looked like a young Adonis displaying his beauties to a satyr. The
doctor was greatly excited at the lovely prospect, and gloated his eyes
on the beautiful display, and, then and there, there sprang up a
determination to fully enjoy the ravishing of these virgin charms before
many weeks were over. Lifting the rod on high, he cried out—

“Now, you young villain, I’ll teach you to look up young ladies’
petticoats again, I warrant.”

Clasping him tight round the waist, the rod descended smartly on the
lovely hillocks of the boy’s charming backside.

“There! there!” cried the doctor at each blow.

“Oh! sir, oh! Do pray forgive me!” screamed the beautiful youth, as he
felt the stinging strokes descend on his hitherto virgin posteriors.

“Oh sir. Oh! sir. I’ll never do so any more. Oh! sir. I won’t indeed.
Oh! pray, sir, have mercy.”

The doctor, whose erotic passions were fully aroused, was deaf to all
his entreaties, and kept on flogging harder and harder, and faster and
faster while the poor boy’s bottom bounded and tossed upon the sofa; but
he was kept in a firm position by the strong arm of the doctor, who, to
hold him the faster, had laid hold of the stiff cock still at full
stand.

“No, no,” said he, “you shall not escape my cuts, I assure you,” cutting
at the lovely delicate buttocks with all his might.

“Oh! oh! sir; mercy, mercy; I can’t bear it.”

“You must bear it, you young rascal you shall have no mercy until I have
made your bottom bleed for your crime.”

The poor youth, from the pain he was suffering, bounded up and down on
the sofa as he felt the stinging blows descend upon his bottom. This
action caused his standing cock to rub up and down in the doctor’s warm
hand, who seemed to have accidently laid hold of it. The effect was such
that the poor youth hardly knew whether he felt most pleasure or pain,
for while his posteriors were of a burning heat, the warmth flew to the
opposite part, which was so deliciously clasped in the doctor’s
caressing hand. He ground his teeth with pleasure and pain, he ceased to
cry out, but sobbed and moaned with the excess of indefinable feelings.
The doctor never ceased lecturing him, dwelling continually on the
beauties of his lovely young cousin and the scene in the arbour. He
thought but of her, of her lovely pink little slit so sweetly shaded
with soft downy short curls; how she had so charmingly caressed his
cock, until he felt a heave and a shudder, another, a sensation as if he
was going to expire, a short cry, a catching of his breath. Wildly and
vigorously he thrust his member down on the doctor’s warm hand, he shut
his eyes, he felt not the rod, although the doctor redoubled the strokes
with all the force of his arm, and drew blood at every cut. A bound, a
convulsive start, and he felt as if his lifeblood were coming from
him—out it spurted in large drops on the sofa and on the doctor’s hand.
The youth had with difficulty shed another tribute to Venus. For a
moment or two he felt as if in paradise, but a sharp cut from the rod
quickly aroused him. He was soon fully alive again to its tortures.

“Why, you young rascal, what is this you have been doing on my best
sofa, eh, sir?” said the doctor.

Another sharp stroke demanded a reply.

“I, sir. Oh! sir; indeed I—that is—indeed, I don’t know.”

“No lies or evasions here, sir, for they will not avail you. Your bottom
shall pay for this nastiness. Why, what is it? What can it be? I never
saw the like of this in my life, I declare,” and he examined it with his
eyeglass, saying more to the same effect.

Poor Master Dale was, we know, quite in the dark as to what it could be,
or how it came there.

“Has this ever occurred to you before,” asked the doctor.

“Yes, sir, yesterday, when my cousin was caressing it in her mouth,”
replied the frightened youth, “but I really don’t know how it happened,
and did not mean any harm.”

“Oh, indeed!” said the doctor, “your mother did not mention that, did
she see you?”

“No, sir, it happened just as she was coming through the shrubbery, and
was all over before she reached the arbour.”

“And so your cousin took it into her mouth, why did she do that?”

“She was curious to see what was under the skin of its head, and finding
it would not go back without hurting me, she put it into her mouth to
wet it and make it go back easier, which it did for the first time; she
pulled it forward again, and again put it into her mouth to push the
skin back with her lips, when I felt funny all over, and something came
out of me into her mouth.”

“Indeed! Well, you must tell me all about that another time. This
flogging will be enough for the present, but I shall punish you for your
nastiness some other time. Put up your trousers, in a day or two I shall
want you in this room to pay for your dirty conduct.”

The poor boy retired, sobbing hysterically.

The second day after this the doctor sent for Master Dale, who, in the
meantime, had occupied the bedroom next to mine. The doctor was in his
private room in his dressing-gown, long and flowing, so that for the
moment it concealed the fact that he had nothing but his shirt on below
it. He received Master Dale somewhat sternly, saying—

“Now, sir, for your punishment for your last nasty misconduct.”

“Oh, sir,” said the frightened and trembling youth, “I really could not
help it,” and he began to cry. “Oh! pray, sir, don’t flog me so hard
again.”

“The more trouble that you give me, the harder will be the flogging. Now
take off your jacket and waistcoat.”

The youth did so.

“Now come close to me.”

The doctor then lowered down Dale’s trousers, and raising his shirt,
contemplated with great pleasure the pretty belly of the lovely boy, and
then turning him round, under pretence of seeing if the weals of the
last flogging were still visible, he gazed on his white firm backside
and swelling thighs, examining the marks still left from the previous
punishment. He then turned him round, and inspected the pretty little
cock, which, under the mortal fear he was in, hung down its head in a
limp and pitiable state.

“And so this is the little offender,” said he, applying his hand to it,
and squeezing and pressing it gently. “What a naughty little thing it
is!”

The youth could not avoid showing the pleasure these lascivious caresses
gave him, and smiled.

“Oh, don’t smile, sir, this is no laughing matter. Look at the marks of
the mess you made on my sofa,” pointing to it. “I can’t have my
furniture spoiled in this manner, so if your little cock is to be
naughty again, I must flog you upon my knees, but first come here; take
off these trousers, which hanging about the legs are only in the
way—there. Now sit down on my knee, and tell me all about this naughty
little thing.”

He drew aside his robe, so that the boy’s bare bottom came in naked
contact with his brawny naked thighs, and the youth could feel the
doctor’s prick swelling up, although that part was still covered with
his shirt. The doctor, taking hold of the youth’s now standing prick,
asked if it had ever behaved so badly before the scene with his pretty
young cousin.

“No sir, never. I never thought of it until I got sight of her bare
bottom and other parts by accident.”

The doctor continued his toyings, caressing the young balls, and feeling
all over the plump and firm backside.

“Why, he is going to be naughty again!” said the doctor, as the youth’s
prick throbbed under his exciting touches. “I must flog your bottom for
all this, for it is very naughty and improper. Why, you seem to take a
pleasure in it.”

“Oh, sir, I never felt anything so delightful,” said Master Dale.

“The more reason I should punish you, but remember, you bad boy, if you
are to do that dirty thing again, you must do it on my knee, and not on
the sofa.”

The doctor then took the birch in hand, and with his arm round the boy’s
waist, drew him to him, but before laying him across his knee, he
slipped the boy’s shirt over his head, leaving him stark naked in all
the glorious fairness of skin and beauty of form. The doctor’s eyes
gloated over the charming sight, but becoming too excited to pause
longer, he drew up his own shirt, displaying his fine pego at full
stretch. He bent the boy’s warm body over his brawny thighs, and with
his arm pressed his glowing form against his own rampant pego—Dale’s
young stiffened cock rubbing against the naked thigh he lay on. The
doctor now raised the rod, and said—

“Now, sir, for your punishment, I must flog this round, hard, little
bottom, till it reddens again.”

Whack, whack, went the birch rod, but with much less force than on the
previous occasion, but still sufficiently stinging to cause the youth to
move up and down, rubbing his cock against the doctor’s thighs, and
causing him such ecstasies as hardly to allow him to feel the blows. His
warm soft flesh, too, rubbing against the doctor’s large, stiff tool,
soon put them both in a delirium of delight. The doctor then changed his
position, and drew the boy more over his belly, so that his great prick
could get between the boy’s thighs, rubbing under his balls in the
trough between the buttocks, while the boy’s cock rubbed against the
doctor’s belly.

“Now,” said the doctor, “I have got you fast, and must teach you not to
play such naughty tricks in future.”

Whack—whack, again went the rod, causing the most delicious movements of
the boy’s backside upon the doctor’s excited prick, and not less upon
his own, which was rubbing against the doctor’s belly, giving fresh
pleasure at each repetition of the blow. But neither of them had spent
yet. The boy’s bottom was now red with a glowing heat, and his cock was
in a state of intense excitement, and the doctor’s tool was as stiff and
randy as possible. The doctor now ceased his flogging, and squeezing the
boy tight against his person, said—

“Well, you have not done that naughty thing today—the flogging has done
you good.”

The lovely boy looked up and smiled. He had felt the doctor’s large
prick working away between his thighs, and pressing against the cleft of
his buttocks. As the doctor relaxed his hold, the boy turned half round,
thus releasing it from its confinement. Looking down, he beheld the
large stiff monster imbedded in a forest of dark curly hair, presenting
a startling contrast to his own small member, which was as yet hardly
fledged with a silky down around it.

“Ah!” said the doctor, who observed the flush of excitement the sight of
his superior prick gave the boy, “what a shame it is of you to compel me
to flog you in this manner, without my trousers. I must give you a
lecture—so sit on my knee, thus,” placing him so that his lovely bottom
should press against the huge prick. Taking the boy’s cock in his hand,
he said—

“How stiff it is.”

“Yes, sir, I can’t help it.”

“Well, you must not play such naughty tricks. I can’t allow it. You are
too young yet.”

The doctor worked the skin of the sweet boy’s cock up and down.

“Was that the way your pretty cousin played with it?”

“Yes, sir, and then she took it in her mouth.”

“And did you like to have it done to you, you bad boy?”

“Oh! yes, sir, it is such pleasure.”

“Does it really give you so much pleasure?”

“Yes indeed, it was most delicious.”

“Dear me, I must try if it would do so to me, take hold of my cock and
rub it up and down, as she did, that I may know how it feels.”

“The dear boy had already longed to do so, but had been afraid to say
so. He now seized with avidity the noble prick, so stiffly standing
beside him. He could hardly grasp it in his hand, and worked the skin up
and down in the most delicious manner. The doctor was in ecstasies.

“Oh, you naughty boy, to teach your master such bad things.”

“Is it not very nice, sir?” said the charming youth, as the doctor’s
buttocks responded to every stroke of his hand.

“Well, it is, indeed, very nice, I could not have believed it; but if
ever I catch you at it again, you may be sure I shall flog you.”

And the doctor responded to every rub upon his prick with another rub
upon the boy’s cock, until almost at the same moment a most delicious
mutual spend was the result of their lascivious toyings.

“Now,” said the doctor, “put on your clothes, and remember you must
avoid such naughty tricks in future, or your bottom will pay for it.”

The doctor made me aware of this, and arranged for a meeting of us
three, under the pretence of inattention which I was to simulate and
draw young Dale into some fault that would require punishment. It was
also arranged that I was to initiate him still more into the secret
pleasures of mutual satisfaction, so as to prepare him for still greater
gratification to the lecherous doctor, who liked nothing better than
“teaching the young idea how to shoot.”

Accordingly, after passing a delicious night with my lovely and glorious
aunt and the doctor, in which we practised every delightful method of
enjoyment, and in which the doctor stimulated himself by recalling and
describing the exciting interview with the innocent youth, I left them,
and entered young Dale’s room. He had insensibly kicked off all the
clothes, and lay on his back exposed, with his promising young cock at
full stand, throbbing from time to time; and by the involuntary
movements of his body, and the smile on his face, he was evidently
realising, in his sleep, the scene he had enacted with his pretty young
cousin. He was quite charming to look at, his young and throbbing prick
was deliciously fair, and you could see the blue veins coursing through
it, the top was only partially uncovered, the point of the head showing
its vermilion tip in fine contrast to the creamy white and crossed blue
veins of the stiffened shaft. His balls were as yet not fully developed,
but such as they were, they formed a closely drawn up little bag,
crimped and wrinkled, and felt as hard as stones. I gently handled them,
which made him heave his bottom in evident ecstasy. It was all so
beautiful and enticing, and I could not resist stooping down, and taking
the delicious morsel in my mouth. Pressing the glorious head with my
lips, I thrust, to his infinite delight, the foreskin back, his buttocks
instinctively rose to meet my voluptuous and lascivious proceeding. He
awoke on the instant, but in that dreamy state that made him think he
was only realising the previous dream. His hands embraced my head, and
pressed it down closer on the delicious prick which already touched the
back of my mouth. He cried out in an ecstasy of delight.

“Oh, my darling Ellen, what a joy you are giving me. Oh! oh! it is
greater than I can bear.”

I felt by the electric stiffening of his young cock that the crisis was
close at hand. I tickled his tightened balls with my hand, and pressed a
finger hard against his bottom-hole, but without entering more than the
depth of the nail, at the very instant that he poured his young tribute
into my longing mouth. I immediately swallowed the greater portion,
lubricating the still throbbing shaft with a part. For some minutes he
lay on his back, with closed eyes, in all the after-enjoyment,
heightened by the continued suction of his still throbbing prick, which
I kept up for a short time. At last he opened his eyes. It was broad
daylight, and when I lifted my head, his eyes seemed almost to start out
of their sockets in a sort of incredulous surprise, at finding it was
not his dear young Ellen, but me, his school companion. For a minute or
two he was speechless with consternation, until taking hold of his fast
receding little cock, I asked if I had not given him quite as much
pleasure as his darling Ellen had previously done.

“Is it you? and Ellen! how do you know anything about my cousin?”

“Your cousin, is she? I did not know that, but when I came in, you were
dreaming of her, and muttering in your sleep the delight she gave you by
sucking your prick; so I thought I would give you the true pleasure of
the thing, and thus realise your dream; besides, I, myself, not only
love to suck a prick, but also to have my own sucked, and I could
neither resist the opportunity, nor fail to be delighted that you should
already have practical knowledge of its enjoyment—did I not give you the
greatest pleasure?”

“Oh, yes; it was most delicious, and then I thought it was my pretty
cousin, even after I awoke, which made it doubly delightful, for I had
no idea it would be so nice with another boy.”

“Why not? see this charming little fellow is already raising himself up
again at the mere thought; look how its head is showing its ruby face,
and how it throbs. Ah! I must suck it again—it is so delicious.”

I threw myself upon it, and devoured it at once, rapidly moving my head
up and down, and titillating the orifice of the urethra with my tongue.
I quickly drove him half mad with excitement. My mouth was full of
saliva. I slobbered some out on my fingers, and lubricated all about the
aperture of his charming backside, and then, as he became still more
furious in the upward lunges of his bottom, and downward pressures of
his hands on my head, I thrust my middle finger up his fundament, and
worked away, frigging it in unison with the movements of my mouth. I
drove him half frantic with pleasure, the ecstasy again seized him, and
with a cry of agonised delight, and a convulsive shudder, he poured a
still more copious draught of love’s essence into my mouth, which, as
before, I greedily swallowed. He lay panting in ecstatic joy for a much
longer period than before, with convulsive upward thrusts of his still
half-stiffened prick within my mouth, which still continued its
pressures and suctions to his infinite delight. At last I rose. He held
out his arms. I precipitated myself into them; our lips met in sweet
embrace. I thrust my tongue into his mouth, and solicited him to do the
same, and we had some delicious tongueing, nature having at once
achieved his love education. We were closely entwined in a loving
embrace. I had become terribly excited notwithstanding the hard work I
had undergone during the night, and my prick stood stiff as iron
pressing against his belly. Suddenly the thought occurred to him that he
ought to gratify me in like manner as I had done him. He proposed it,
and begged me to turn from off him, and lie on my back. I immediately
complied, and pulling up my shirt, displayed my immense splitter in all
its glory.

“Good heavens!” he cried, “what an enormous cock! Why, it is bigger than
the doctor’s.”

“Oh! you have seen the doctor’s, have you?” He blushed, and acknowledged
it. I drew from him an account of their proceedings, which I already
knew, but I was at the same time delighted to have surprised the
acknowledgment from himself, in his wonder at seeing my large
proportions. I made him show me all he had done to the doctor, and the
doctor to him; as all this was paving the way for future proceedings
with the doctor—in fact, the innocent youth was already playing into our
hands. His admiration of and handling my prick was meanwhile exciting me
up to the greatest pitch. As I had continued questioning him regarding
his proceedings with the doctor, he could only play with my prick in his
hands. Now that matters were getting too warm for further discussion, he
stooped down, but could only get the head and a small portion of the
upper part of the shaft into his mouth. His lips closed beneath the
gland in the most exquisite manner. I begged him to grasp the lower part
of the shaft with one hand, and to thrust a finger of the other up my
bottom-hole, which I had already lubricated by spitting on my fingers
and conveying the saliva in the desired direction. He obeyed with the
docility of an apt apprentice—and thus working in unison, quickly
brought on the ecstatic crisis. I seized his head in my hands, and, at
the final discharge thrust it down on my delighted prick, as I poured
out a perfect torrent of sperm, nearly choking the poor youth with the
length of prick I thrust into his mouth. He was obliged to withdraw for
an instant to take breath, but I was pleased to see that he instantly
resumed his delicious sucking of my prick, which he continued to do
until it gradually shrunk up to very diminished proportions. I then drew
him upon me, and we had another sweet embrace of lips and tongues, and
then, side by side, we held a long converse on erotic matters. He told
me all the tale of his affair with his cousin, and, although I was
already well acquainted with it, I was glad to draw all the particulars
from himself. I had seen the note his mother wrote to the doctor. The
minuteness and undisguised description she had therein given struck me
as very strange, and I augured that she herself must be a lewd and
lecherous person, to have done more than merely hint at the affair,
instead of dwelling, doubtless in erotic delight, on such details. So I
pumped him as to what sort of woman his mamma was. His description
showed that she was a fine, full grown woman, old, in his opinion, but
in reality in the prime of life, between thirty-five and forty. He had
not scanned her proportions with any erotic thought and did not seem to
attach the idea of the woman to her—only that of the mother. But I drew
out of him that she was broad in the shoulders, full in the bosom, with
a small waist, small feet, and small hands, a very fine head of hair,
and fine eyes—evidently a desirable woman. Already I had set my
imagination in play, and began to hope I might some day work my way into
her favour. It will be found how well I succeeded, as these true
memories will describe when I arrive at the period of my success with
her. For the present I had advanced the erotic education of the dear
youth considerably, and thus prepared him for further initiation at the
hands of the doctor and his glorious and magnificent _cara sposa_, who
had already determined to enjoy his first fruits in cunny land. We had a
similar enjoyment, carried somewhat further the next morning, in which
we practised more fully the frigging of the bottom, and discussed the
pleasure it produced. I was gradually leading him on. That morning I
purposely arranged that we should be late in entering the schoolroom.
The doctor sternly reprimanded us, and told us we must attend him in his
private room after twelve o’clock. Poor Dale turned pale as he heard
this, dreading the punishment to come of which his experience was so
recent and so severe.

At twelve we, apparently ruefully, entered the doctor’s _sanctum
sanctorum_. He had preceded us by some few minutes, and had already
donned his long dressing-gown, by which I was certain that he had at the
same time doffed his pantaloons.

“Now then, boys, you must prepare for your punishment, I cannot allow
this evidently wilful inattention. Off with your clothes except your
shirts and stockings.”

We hesitatingly stripped; poor Harry Dale weeping at the thought of the
dreaded punishment. I deemed it prudent also to draw a long face. The
doctor spread a towel over his sofa, saying we had such naughty cocks
that we were constantly dirtying his sofa. He then desired us to kneel
on it with our heads down, and our tails well up. He then rolled up our
shirts, and tucked them in above the small of our backs, in doing which
he indulged in various lascivious touchings, which excited us as well as
himself, and all our three cocks were at full stand. Harry Dale turned
his head to gaze at mine, and could not resist putting his hand upon it,
and gently pressing its large stiff shaft. Young Dale’s smaller, but
very beautiful member, which was daily developing itself in a striking
manner, also excited me, and I reciprocated his caresses.

“This will never do,” said the doctor, “I must flog this evil spirit out
of you.”

He threw off his dressing-gown to be more at his ease, he said, and
taking rod in hand, applied it gently in turns to each of our projecting
bottoms. It was not for punishment but for excitement that he operated
upon us. He quickly threw our bottoms all in a glow, and our excitement
became intense, and we wriggled our bums in evident delight. This was
the point the doctor wished to attain, that he might arrive at his
desired object, which was the possession of young Dale’s bottom-hole.

“Stop, stop, my dear boys, I see you are at your naughty tricks again,
but there must be no spending yet; get up. We must all strip to the
buff, and I shall show you how they used to flog me when I was at
school. Stand up, Charles.”

I did so, and the doctor for an instant handled, in evident delight, my
huge stiff-standing pego, drawing young Dale’s attention to its much
larger dimensions than his own.

“Now, lean half forward on the sofa. Dale, put your arms round his
waist, and stow away this charming rampant little fellow between the
cheeks of Charles’ buttocks. Charles, do you spit on your hand, and
moisten between the cheeks, and then press with your hand his throbbing
young prick against the cleft.”

I did as directed. Young Dale felt so deliciously sheathed that he
thrust his cock well forward.

“Now,” said the doctor, “you are properly horsed, as we used to say, and
now, for a little more flogging of these fine hard, rosy mounts,” and he
lasciviously caressed them before applying the rod.

Whack—whack—whack—fell the strokes, sufficiently sharply to make Master
Dale wince and wriggle his bottom to and fro. Quickly the exciting
pleasure overcame all pain, and his lust rising, he thrust furiously in
the artificial channel he was operating in. I now shortened the grasp of
my hand on his shaft, and pressing it somewhat upwards, raising my
buttocks at the same time, I directed it so fairly upon the aperture
that at the next push it entered fully two inches within; then again
favouring his return stroke, he completely sheathed himself up to the
meeting of his belly against my buttocks. I gave him a pressure which
had an instant effect, and he began to thrust fast and furiously,
evidently enjoying it to the utmost. I let him feel the full enjoyment
of his new quarters, only telling him to lay hold of my cock and frig
me; and then I cried out to the doctor—

“Flog him well, sir, he has thrust his cock into my bottom-hole.”

This was the very thing the doctor most wished for. So he continued his
flogging only to such an extent as to still more inflame the lust of the
now lecherously excited boy, who shortly brought on the final crisis and
died away in delight as he shot his first tribute within the divine
temple of Priapus. At the moment of the crisis coming on, the doctor had
ceased his flogging and wetting two fingers gradually introduced them
into the bottom-hole of young Dale, and frigged him in unison with his
movements into me, so that the ecstasy was almost more than the poor boy
could bear. He lay almost inanimate on my back, but his still throbbing
half-standing cock responded to the inward pressures I was exercising
upon it. The doctor had ceased his flogging to admit and caress the
well-formed posterior of the charming boy. Becoming greatly excited, he
drew him off me, and closely embraced him, but professing at the same
time to be greatly shocked; his prick, meanwhile, gloriously stiff,
pressed hard against young Dale’s belly. The doctor then relaxing his
hold, young Dale gazed, with pleased enjoyment, on the size and
stiffness of the doctor’s cock, and, by an impulse of passion, took it
in hand, knelt before him, and put it into his mouth, and sucked it
lasciviously. The doctor placed his hands on Dale’s head, and pressed it
down for a minute or two, and then begged the dear youth to rise, as he
did not yet wish to spend—thanking him for the exquisite pleasure he had
given him.

“Now,” said he, “it is your turn to flog, so Charlie, you must be horsed
upon me, and Harry Dale shall take a first lesson in the art of flogging
upon your posteriors.”

The pose was arranged as before. My formidable weapon was placed between
the cheeks of the doctor’s fine fat backside. His hand pressed my cock
as I had done to Dale’s. Dale took the rod in hand, and at the very
first cut made me wince, for the young rogue laid on with a will. The
doctor had applied a good quantity of saliva to the end of my prick, and
thrusting out his buttocks, he quickly guided it into the longing
orifice, in which I vigorously sheathed myself to the utmost extent. I
seized his cock and squeezed it gently, but he begged me not to make him
spend, but to enjoy myself to the utmost, crying out, at the same time
to young Dale—

“Flog him well, Harry, for he has thrust his great tool up my
bottom-hole; it is wonderful how it ever could get in.”

Indeed so little could young Dale believe in the possibility of such a
thing that he stopped flogging to assure himself of the fact, by both
touch and sight. I drew my prick out and in that he might be perfectly
satisfied of the truth, and the doctor wriggled his backside to and fro
to show what pleasure it gave him. Of course, all this was preliminary
to the grand attack he meant afterwards to make on the virgin aperture
in young Dale’s bottom. After Harry had assured himself of the fact, he
pitched into my poor bottom with redoubled vigour, which, though it
greatly excited me at the moment, made my poor bum smart for days
afterwards. I quickly sent a torrent of sperm far into the entrails of
the doctor, to his great delight, but he tenaciously avoided spending
lest his powers should fail to overcome the natural obstacle of a virgin
bottom-hole, especially in one so young as Dale. Consequently, after
retaining me for some few moments in the delightful pressures of the
internal folds, he allowed me to withdraw, all reeking with my own
sperm. It was now the doctor’s turn to be flogged by me, while he was
horsed on Harry’s loins. As Harry had already found out what pleasure a
bottom-hole gave to the plugger of it, and had also seen how the doctor
seemed to enjoy, and so easily engulphed, the much larger weapon I
possessed, he had no idea there could be any pain accompanying it, and
consequently he lent himself entirely to every direction that was given
him. He placed himself in the easiest position, stuck his bottom well
out, stretching wide the channel between the orbs, and exposing a
charming little rosy aperture most tempting to the sight; indeed, the
doctor instantly knelt to pay his devotions to it, devouring it with
kisses, and thrusting his lecherous tongue within its tight little
folds, taking the opportunity to thoroughly lubricate it with his
spittle. This preliminary, followed by a little frigging with his middle
finger, which produced nothing but pleasurable sensations in the dear
youth, completely captivated him. The doctor wisely informed him that
the first attack was sure to be somewhat painful, but that if he felt it
so, he was not to draw away his body, but simply to complain, and the
doctor would instantly remain quiet without withdrawing, and he would
then find that the strange sensation would rapidly pass off, and allow a
further progress, which would be again arrested if the pain was renewed.
In this way he would eventually find that the pleasure would become
indescribably delicious, as he had seen how both Charlie and himself had
enjoyed it. Poor Dale assured the doctor he might proceed at once, and
he would be perfectly docile. So the doctor first asking me to suck his
cock a little to moisten it well, put the charming youth in the best
position, telling him to strain as if he wished to void himself, then
applying his well-lubricated pego to the rosy orifice, by gentle
pressure, he succeeded, with hardly a twinge of pain to the dear boy, in
housing the head and about two inches of the shaft within the delicious
receptacle. Here the pain became so great that young Dale would have
withdrawn himself away from the doctor had the latter not taken the
precaution to seize him by the two hips, and hold him as if in a vice,
but without attempting a further insertion then.

“Keep still, my dear boy, and I will not move, and you will find in a
minute or two that the strange sensation will pass away.”

Turning his head to me, he said—

“Charlie, gently frig the dear boy.”

I immediately did so, which rapidly had the effect of exciting him up to
a pitch that made him forget all pain, and he even thrust his bottom
further back, and as I had taken the opportunity of the pause to drop
some more spittle on the lower shaft, a further gentle pressure forced
it in almost up to the hilt. Here, again, young Dale cried out to stop,
it was so painful.

The doctor paused again. I continued caressing his now inflamed and
stiffened prick. His convulsive twitches, caused by my lascivious
caresses, were followed by involuntary wrigglings, which of themselves
completed the entire insertion of the doctor’s excited prick. He still
continued quiet, allowing the passions of the youth to become still more
excited. Then gradually and gently withdrawing, and as gently again
thrusting within, he went on until the youth’s movements betrayed the
raging lust that possessed him—then the doctor increased his pace. I
frigged on fast and furious, and in a few minutes they both died away in
wild excess of the most ecstatic joy. As to Dale, his gaspings and wild
cries of delight proved that the final joys were almost too great for
him to bear. The doctor had drooped his head upon his chest, and closed
his eyes, in all the gratification of having ravished the first fruits
of this charming youth’s beauteous bottom, and I could see by his
momentary convulsive thrusts, and the pressures of his hands on Dale’s
hips to draw the bottom more completely against his belly, as well as by
the broken sighs that heaved his bosom, how exquisitely he was enjoying
his triumph. Gradually his cock reduced its dimensions, but even when
quite down and soft, it left the tight sheath it was in with a “plop”
showing how well and close those delicious folds had embraced it. The
doctor would not allow young Dale to rise until he had embraced and
kissed the lovely bottom that had just yielded him such intense
satisfaction. Then, drawing the youth to his bosom, he embraced him most
tenderly, and thanked him for the heroic manner in which he had borne
the attack, and told him he would never suffer so much in after-attacks
as he had done in this first taking of the virginity of his bottom-hole.

It was thus this dear youth was initiated into our mysteries, and
henceforward he became an apt disciple, and by being introduced into our
interior circle, added much to the variety and enjoyment of our orgies.
For, as may well be supposed, my glorious and most lecherous aunt
thoroughly enjoyed the taking of his first tribute in the legitimate
temple of holy Mother Venus. I was present on the occasion, which was
supposed to be unknown to the doctor. The first coup was on her belly,
the sight of which and her truly magnificent cunt wildly excited Dale,
and his cock stood stiffer and really bigger than ever. It was quite
surprising how rapidly it developed when once he got thoroughly into
hardness. He fucked aunt twice, spending as rapidly as she herself,
lecherous as she was at all times. I acted postillion to them both. I
stopped further combats until I too could enter the field. So aunt
mounted upon him, and falling forward lent her divine backside to all my
fantasies. Twice we ran a course without changing. Then aunt herself
claimed my big prick for the contentment of her randy cunt. We quickly
changed positions. I, on my back, received dear aunt’s delicious cunt on
my stiff-and-hard-as-wood-standing pego. She straddled over me, and sank
her luscious orbit down upon me until our two hairs were crushed between
us. Here, by rising and falling, she had another delicious discharge
before bending down to be embraced by my loving arms. She then presented
her most glorious bottom to the wonder and admiration of dear Harry, who
had been caressing and kissing it, and at the critical moment had thrust
a frigging finger in, and turning his head in front had greatly
increased the pleasure of my loved and lecherous aunt by sucking the
large nipple of her wondrously fine bubby. When once she was fairly down
on my belly, Harry scrambled up behind, and quickly inserted his already
fine but still comparatively small prick, which, of course, found ready
entrance where my splitter had previously opened and greased the way;
but he gave a cry, almost of pain, or at least of surprise, on finding
the sudden grip which my aunt, with her wonderful power of pressure,
instantly gave him. At it we went, fast and furious, until again the
grand crisis overtook my lascivious aunt, who spent deliriously. We boys
both paused a second or two to allow her to enjoy her discharge to the
utmost; then recommencing with increased vigour and speed, we soon both
discharged at one and the same time our freights into the delighted
vessels that were conferring such exquisite enjoyment upon us. Aunt,
too, did not fail to join us at the ecstatic moment. We lay for many
minutes panting in all the after-sensations of the most exquisite joys
humanity can revel in. We kept it up for several hours, aunt sucking
young Dale’s toothsome prick while I gamahuched and postillioned her to
her infinite satisfaction. In this way, and with repeated changes from
one receptacle to the other but always both occupied at once, we at last
gained a reprieve, and retired to well-deserved repose. The doctor, who
had kept out of the way on this our first bout with my glorious aunt,
afterwards apparently surprised us together, and, after giving us and
receiving a pretty sharp flogging, he joined in all the ecstasies of our
orgies. He especially delighted in being into my bottom while I fucked
his wife, and he himself had the double pleasure of having young Dale’s
fast growing pego into his bottom at the same time. It was some time
longer before I succeeded in completely sheathing my huge prick in the
delicious bottom-hole of the dear youth, but at last I succeeded to the
utmost extent of my wishes, and although I continued to hurt him for
some weeks after the first attack, he could at last entertain me with
perfect ease, and we were thus enabled to play successively into each
other’s bottoms, and everyone of us enjoyed the exquisite delight of
fucking and being fucked at the same time.

As we grew more lasciviously intimate, I often turned the conversation
on his mother and cousin. At last I told him, I thought from his
description that his mother would be a good fuck, and that if ever I had
the opportunity I might cover his attack on his cousin by fucking his
mother; only we must lead her to believe that she took my virginity. The
idea pleased him. He began to think his mother must be a desirable woman
for me, as I was so largely hung; and then the opportunity that I would
give him to enjoy his longing for his cousin was an inducement to second
my views to the utmost. Towards the close of the half-year his birthday
occurred, and his mother could not do less than have him home for the
day. She felt that her niece would be in greater security when Harry
begged she would allow him to bring with him the doctor’s nephew—myself,
to wit—telling her that we had become very close friends as well as
schoolfellows. I had previously told him I should play the complete
innocent, but should take care some time or the other during the day to
put myself in such a position that his mother should get a glimpse of my
prick, so that if not immediately successful, I might pave the way for
future success. His birthday fell on a Saturday. We were only asked to
spend the day, with the intention of returning in the evening.
Accordingly, on the happy day we made our appearance after breakfast. I
have before said that his mother lived in a very pretty cottage ornee,
about a mile and a half from the parsonage. We were most kindly received
by her. She first lovingly embraced her son, wishing him many happy
returns of the day, declaring that he was much improved, &c. She then
turned to me, and gracefully and kindly bade me welcome. The niece was a
charming girl, just budding into womanhood. She blushed greatly in
welcoming her cousin, and bashfully did the same to me. We spent the
earlier hours in conversation; the mother having much to ask and to hear
from her son, from whom she had never before been separated. I had thus
time to scan her well. She was a fine, broad built, well standing up
woman, with broad shoulders, and hips that gave promise of good form
beneath. Without being beautiful, her face was a well-formed oval, with
really fine eyes, to which her son’s description had hardly done
justice. It appeared to me that a good deal of suppressed passion lurked
in their expression, and I already began to think she would be a real
_bonne bouche_ if once we could come to close quarters. After luncheon
we strolled in the garden. The leaves had already fallen, but the
afternoon was bright and warm for the end of November. I told young Dale
to keep close to his mother, and not show any wish to stray away with
his cousin—feeling certain that if she became anxious about their
movements I should have no chance to play off my little game. All went
as I could wish, we threw his mother off her guard, and she then began
to show closer attention to me. I acted the ingenuous and innocent youth
to perfection, but at the same time, in thinking of her charms, I let my
prick get up to half-stand, so as to show its large proportions under my
trousers. I very soon perceived that it had struck her notice, and her
attention became concentrated upon me. She questioned me a good deal,
and especially sought to find out if _peculiar_ intimacy existed between
her son and me. I played the innocent, and professed that the utmost
intimacy existed; but when she tried to find out if it had gone to what
she really meant, I gave such an innocent character to our intimacy that
she was quite convinced of my thorough ignorance of all erotic
tendencies, and she became more endearing in her manner of addressing
me.

Harry and I had previously agreed that after I addressed to him some
particular frivolous remark, he should seize the first occasion near a
shrubbery to go on more ahead, and alarm his mamma by turning round a
corner. Our stratagem succeeded. She immediately hastened to follow
them. As soon as she had turned the corner I drew out my tool, now at
full stand, and placed myself so that when she returned she should see
it fully developed, while I would take care not apparently to see her,
but be intent upon piddling. To the utmost of my wish it fell out. She
had told her son to stop and returned to join me. My eyes being turned
downwards did not let her become aware that I was watching for her, but
I could see the bottom of her petticoats as she turned the corner, and
also that she came to a sudden stop, which must have been at the moment
she caught sight of the noble proportions before her. I took care to
pass my hand once or twice backwards or forwards while pissing, and then
shook my prick deliberately, and exposed the whole length and breadth of
it for a minute or two before buttoning it up, during which I could see
she stood perfectly still, rooted to where she had first stopped. After
I had buttoned up, I stooped down, apparently to tie my shoe, but in
fact to give time for it to be supposed I had not seen her previous
approach. So when I rose up she was already at my side. There was a
flush on her cheek and a fire in her eye that showed the bait was
swallowed. My role was to play the perfect innocent, and appear quite
unconscious of her having seen me.

She took my arm, and I could feel that her hand trembled. She led me
along, hastily at first, until we joined her son and niece. After that
she became uncommonly endearing in her manner to me, making such remarks
as she thought would show her that I was not so innocent as I looked, if
my replies had jumped with her expectations. But I was in reality too
experienced not to pay her off in kind, and ended in making her believe
that she had a perfect virgin to deal with. We walked on, she was
evidently much preoccupied, becoming at times quite silent for a minute
or two, and then, gently pressing my arm, she would make some
endearingly flattering remark, at which I would look lovingly but
innocently up to her face to thank her for her kind opinion. On these
occasions her eyes sparkled in a peculiar manner, and her colour went
and came. After a while, her hand left my arm and rested on the opposite
shoulder, in a half embrace, which became warmer and warmer, her
conversation became more affectionate. She was profuse in her
congratulations that her son had found so charming a schoolfellow; and
here she halted, and turning half in front of me, said that she felt
that she could love me as if I were indeed her own dear son; and,
stooping slightly, she sought a kiss of maternal affection. I threw my
arms round her neck, and our lips met in a long and loving kiss—very
warm on her side, but a simple though affectionate kiss on mine.

“Oh!” I said, “how happy I shall be to call you my mamma, and I will
love you as if you were it, it is so good of you to allow me to do so.
This half-year has been the first time in my life that I ever was
separated from my mother—and, although my dear aunt is as kind as
possible to me, still I can’t call her mamma. My guardian won’t allow me
to go home for the Christmas holidays, but now I shall have a dear, kind
new mamma to make me happy.” Here I again raised my lips for an embrace,
which was given with even more than the previous warmth. Her arm had
fallen to my waist, and she pressed me with energy to her bosom, which I
could feel was unexpectedly firm, and even hard. I had great difficulty
in keeping my unruly member down, that she might think I took her warm
embraces as nothing more than affectionate friendship. I succeeded,
however, and this, of course, more than ever convinced her of my entire
ignorance of carnal desires. As I closely embraced her, and glued my
lips to hers, she became greatly agitated, trembled visibly, sighed
convulsively, and then pushed me from her, and seemed suddenly to
recover herself, seized my arm, and hurried on after her son. For, as
may well be supposed she had purposely loitered behind to allow them to
get out of sight, before she indulged her uncontrollable desire to
embrace me. She spoke not a word until we came in sight of them,
apparently sauntering along, innocently enough. But Harry afterwards
told me that having seen how his mother had halted to gaze at my prick,
which he knew beforehand I meant she should see, he had watched us
through the shrubbery, and afterwards had noticed her warmth of manner
to me, and the loitering of her walk. He had turned a corner some
distance ahead of us, and was out of sight when his mother stopped to
embrace me, as described above. He guessed she would be in no hurry to
follow him. So rapidly advancing with his cousin, he got some way before
us, and choosing a place where he could see us through the bushes when
we did follow, he sat down on a garden seat, and drew his cousin on his
lap, asking her if she did not regret their hasty separation after their
last delicious interview, and telling her his mother had seen them,
which was the cause of his being sent as a boarder to the doctor. She
was much surprised to hear this, as her aunt had never breathed a word
of it to her; and she had been greatly distressed at his being sent away
from home. Of course his hands were not idle; but first unbuttoning his
trousers, he put his cock, now much increased in size, into her hand.
She at once observed how much larger it had become, and began to caress
it. He meanwhile was busy frigging her little clitoris. He found that
she was already quite moist, and he had hardly frigged her a minute,
when a sigh and an “Oh! how much more pleasure you give me than my aunt
does.” She spent profusely, grasping his prick with painful tenacity.
Her breath was taken away for some minutes. When she recovered a little,
and was gazing lovingly with half-closed eyes upon him, he at once
recurred to her unexpected confession.

“When does my mother do this to you?”

“Ever since you were sent away; your mother took me to sleep with her,
as she said, she felt so lonely after you left. For some time she used
to embrace me very lovingly, and hold me close pressed to her bosom. As
I always went to bed before her, I was generally sound asleep when she
joined me. I used at first to wonder how when I awoke in the early
morning my chemise was drawn up close to my neck, and your mother’s was
in the same state, and our two naked bodies closely united by the
embracing arms of your mother. I even one morning found that my hand was
held by hers against that part which you are now feeling so nicely. She
had fallen asleep in this position, but I could feel that she was as
moist there as you have just made me. I could not help feeling it was
very nice, and gently removing her hand, I began to feel all over her in
that part and, do you know Harry, she is all covered with such thick and
curly hair there. In groping about, I felt the lips pouting and thick,
and on trying I found I could get my fingers in. I pushed on, I got up
to the knuckles, when I felt it give such a convulsive pressure upon
them, and her body was projected towards me with a heave of her bottom,
then drawn back, and pushed forward again, while her arms pressed me
closer to her, and she commenced some loving expressions in her sleep. I
felt something grow hard against my thumb, it was just what you have
been feeling.—‘Oh! go on,’ she cried.”

“I renewed my tickling operations again, and I made her spend,” Harry
continued. “As she came to her senses, I gamahuched her; I thrust my
tongue up her sweet little cunt, and licked up all the delicious
spendings. As I rose, with prick erect and standing stiff out of my
trousers, she seized it in her mouth, and, with very little sucking,
made me spend to excess, and the dear girl swallowed it with all the
luxury of the utmost voluptuousness. We had no time for more at that
moment, as I caught sight of mamma’s dress through the trees. I buttoned
up hastily, and we strolled along, as if nothing had happened. It was in
our after-walk, when we had allayed mamma’s suspicion, that my dear
Ellen continued her confessions.”

The stiff thing pressing against her thumb was mamma’s clitoris, which,
by her account, is wonderfully developed. She, knowing from her former
experience with me that it was the point of most exquisite enjoyment,
turned her finger upon it, and began awkwardly playing with it. It was
at this moment that the greater excitement awoke mamma, who finding to
her surprise what Ellen was doing, seized her hand, and pressing and
rubbing it with more art against her clitoris, continued its action with
exclamations of delight, declaring that Ellen was her dear precious
loved girl, and then with a positive cry of delight, spent profusely
over Ellen’s hand. After panting for some time in perfect bliss, she
turned and took Ellen in her arms, kissing her most warmly, and
thrusting her tongue into Ellen’s mouth, and then demanding hers in
return. After much embracing, mamma asked her how she came to do what
she found her doing when she awoke. Ellen described how she found her
hand held against it, and then two naked bodies pressed against each
other—that she was surprised at this, and wondered how it came so; that
on moving her hand she felt mamma give a throb down there, and a push of
her body forward, which made her finger slip easily in, this still more
surprised her, as she had tried often if her fingers could get into her
own, but it hurt her so much that she had given it up as impossible; and
now she had found one where all her fingers, up to the knuckles, slipped
in quite easily; the inside movements, and the heavings of her aunt’s
body, showed that it gave her pleasure. In continuing her movements she
had felt a hard body at the upper part pressing against the side of her
hand; she withdrew her fingers to feel this strange thing, and in doing
so aunt awoke.

“And you know the rest, dear auntie, I was so glad that I had given you
so much pleasure.”

“Dear, dear girl!” her aunt replied, “I shall love you more dearly than
ever; yes, and you, too, shall have the utmost pleasure. I have long
wished to initiate you into the secrets of womanhood, but thought you
too young to be able to keep secret such intimacy as we may indulge in.
Often in your sleep with your lovely naked charms exposed to me, and
pressed against my own lascivious person, have I enjoyed you, and even
made use of your own hand all unconscious in sleep, to excite me to a
still greater pitch; last night I had enjoyed you to the utmost, kissing
your lovely budding and hidden charms, and must have unconsciously
dropped off to sleep with my hand still pressing yours against my secret
charm. But now I must initiate you into the same joys, even in a more
exquisite way.”

“Upon this she begged me to throw off my chemise, while she did the
same. We stood up to do this, and your mother took the opportunity to
pose me in every way, admiring and kissing me all over. I did the same
to her, and I can assure you, dear Harry, your mother is far better made
that I am, both in the bosom and the bottom, and with such firm thighs
and legs, and her affair is so well-developed and pouting, and with such
silky curls all around it. I can feel you passing your fingers through
the curls of mine; but though it has more than it had when last you felt
and caressed it, it is nothing to dear auntie’s. When she had much
excited me, and was evidently herself greatly so, she desired me to lie
across the bed on my back, and to draw my knees up so as to let my feet
rest on the edge. She then placed a footstool in front, and kneeling
upon it, after first feeling and caressing me down there, she glued her
lips to it, and after sucking a while began to play with her tongue upon
what you have been so deliciously rubbing. She licked me most
exquisitely, and soon made me die away in ecstasy of delight. She sucked
it for some time after, while I lay in a languid state of joy. When at
last she rose, she threw herself on the bed, and our two naked bodies
became closely united in the most loving embrace. Her lips were wet with
the moisture that had escaped from me, its peculiar aromatic odour
_m’enivrait_ and I could not help licking the creamy juice from off her
lips.

“‘Oh, my beloved aunt,’ I cried, ‘you have given me the joy of paradise,
I must try and do as much for you.’

“‘My darling Ellen, you will make me positively adore you. I now only
regret that I had not sooner taken you into my confidence, as I at once
perceive I might have done so in perfect safety. Yes, my darling, you
shall indeed try, and I shall instruct you as we advance how to obtain
the greatest amount of pleasure from our libidinous and lascivious
enjoyments, delights that are without risk, and from which we shall have
no anxieties as to fatal results, which are the consequence of
connection with the opposite sex, who only make use of us for their own
sensual enjoyment, and abandon us at the very moment they ought to
console and cherish us the most.’

“Dear aunt, again embracing me tenderly, threw herself in the same
position I had previously lay in. I knelt on the cushion as she had
done. But before proceeding to do as she had done to me, I could not
help pausing to gaze with delight on her natural charms. Oh! dear Harry,
you cannot imagine the beauty of that part of your mamma. Her stomach is
of the purest white, smooth and firm, round and beautiful. Below a
crease commences a large plumped out swelling seen through the fair and
thick silky curls that so much adorn it, then grandly rounded sinks down
between her thighs, and the beautifully pouting lips rise richly
tempting through the thickest of hair, that goes far beyond between the
large rounded orbs that project behind. At the upper part of the lips,
where they form a deep indented half-circle, I could distinguish a stiff
projecting object, as long and thicker than my thumb. I now know that
this is the centre of exquisite joy. Your mother had since taught me to
call it her clitoris, and says that although seldom so strongly
developed as in her case, it exists in every woman and becomes stiff and
excited as the final crisis of joy approaches. I glued my lips around
this charming object, and sucked it, and played with my tongue around
its point. Your mother, in an ecstasy of delight, wriggled her bottom
below me, and with both hands pressing my head down on the excited
point, gave utterance to the most loving and sensual expressions. She
begged me to pass the flat of my hand under my chin, and introduce my
thumb within the lips below, where I was sucking, and move it backwards
and forwards as much as I could. I did so, and immediately found that it
added greatly to your mother’s delight. Faster and faster grew her
movements, until, with a cry of delight, a firm pressure of my hand
against her affair, and still firmer pressure on my thumb, she suddenly
ceased all movement, her hands relaxed their hold of my head, the
stiffness left her clitoris, and beyond convulsive graspings of the
interior of her affair upon my thumb, she lay for some time inanimate.
At last she recovered her senses, she seized me under the arms, and drew
me upon her belly, her hands pressed my bottom down close upon her
person, until I found that my affair was nestled in the rich profusion
of curls that so finely adorned hers. She thrust her tongue into my
mouth, and sucked off all the rich creamy substance that had flowed from
her in such abundance. She blessed the happy chance that had led her to
give me her confidence; told me that for long she had only enjoyed the
unsatisfactory delight of lonely self-gratification, and said that now
we should revel in mutual delight of every sensual indulgence that woman
can have with woman. We lay for some time enjoying such delicious
communings, until compelled to rise by the lateness of the hour. We have
since practised every method of enjoyment given to two of the same sex.
Your mother has often introduced her stiff excited clitoris within the
lips of my affair as far as it would go, but I have always longed, my
dear Harry, for you to penetrate still further with that larger and
longer thing you have got, although what I have seen today of its
increased size has made me greatly fear it can never get in.”

Thus ended her ingenuous description. Harry, of course, promised that he
would never hurt her, that those parts were made to yield, that,
doubtless, his mother’s large clitoris had hurt her at first, but had
given her great pleasure afterwards.

Yes, that was so, and it was that that gave her courage, and if they
could only get the opportunity she would allow him to do anything he
pleased.

It may well be supposed this account of Ellen’s intercourse with her
aunt fired my imagination and made me resolve to have her. Indeed, I
began to conceive that there would be no occasion for me to make any
effort, that all would be done by dear mamma herself. We had returned to
the house after this agitated walk. Mamma was evidently greatly
preoccupied, but at length she appeared to have come to a final
determination, for she told Ellen to go up to her room, and begged us
two boys, as she called us, to go out and amuse ourselves for an hour.
It was during this interval that Harry narrated his interesting
conversation with his cousin. Her lively description had set his
imagination on fire, and he now declared his regret that it was not to
be he who would enjoy his lasciviously sensual mother. Neither of us had
any doubt but that she would now find an opportunity of enjoying me. If
we had, our doubts were solved on re-entering the house. Mamma first,
for form’s sake, kissing her son, and then far more warmly kissing me,
informed us that she had written to the doctor that we had been such
good boys that she would feel greatly obliged if he would allow her son
to remain with her until Monday, and also leave his nephew to keep him
company and prevent any of his former misbehaviour which, she was happy
to say, he appeared to have forgotten, but still it would be better he
should have the safeguard of so intelligent and discreet a friend as she
was glad to see he had found in the doctor’s nephew. My uncle, without
knowing exactly what to make of this note, had consented. Hence her joy
in being able to communicate the pleasing intelligence—doubly so to me,
as I immediately augured the downfall of my assumed virginity. Dear
mamma was all radiant with joy, and conveyed me at once to where she
intended I should sleep. I marked that it was in an out of the way room,
easy of access, but not likely to be interfered with by passers-by.

“And here, my dear son, for you know in future you are always to call me
mamma, I hope you will find yourself comfortable, and that you will not
be alarmed because you are in an out of the way part of the house, but
in case you should, before I go to bed, I shall come to see that you are
comfortably asleep.”

Here she kissed and embraced me warmly. I repaid her most
affectionately, but apparently in all innocence. She sighed, as I
thought with regret, that she could not at that moment go further, and
then led me away.

The afternoon, the dinner, and the evening passed away without anything
worthy of remark, except that mamma was frequently absent and
preoccupied. She sat by me on the sofa while Ellen played to us; her
hand sought mine, and frequently squeezed it affectionately. Harry sat
by Ellen, which enabled me often to raise my head and pout my lips for a
kiss in a boyish way. It was never refused. She dwelt on my mouth
sensuously with half-opened lips, but apparently afraid to tip me the
velvet of her tongue. She frequently gave a shudder and trembled, and
was evidently greatly excited. In the course of the afternoon, Harry and
I had had an opportunity of exchanging ideas. I told him I was certain
his mother would come to me that night, and he might be sure if she did
that she would remain till daylight. I advised him to watch her, and
when he saw her leave her bedroom to come to me, then he could slip into
his cousin’s room, and effect his purpose, but to be sure to retire at
the first dawn. I said that if that time his mother wanted to leave me,
I would keep her another quarter of an hour to enable him to put matters
to rights with his cousin, and regain his own room. I advised him also
to put a towel under his cousin’s bottom, as he was sure to make her
bleed, and he must take it away in the morning to prevent any traces of
what he had done being perceived by his mother, and to tell Ellen to
feign deep sleep on his mother’s return, and to appear quite unconscious
in the morning of her aunt having been absent. A little before ten
o’clock mamma thought it time for her children, as she called us, to go
to bed. Her son and niece both kissed her, and I, too, claimed a kiss of
my new mamma. It was taken and returned in quite a passionate way, her
lips seemed loath to leave mine, and her arms encircled me in a very
loving embrace. “Dear mamma,” I said, “I shall love you ever dearly.”

“My darling boy, I already love you as if you were indeed my son.”

She sent the others to their bedrooms, but escorted me herself to mine.
I could see that she trembled greatly, and was evidently glad to put
down the candlestick. She turned down the bedclothes for me, hoped I
would sleep well, and, with considerable agitation, again embraced me
most passionately. I could feel that her tongue would fain have thrust
itself between my lips. I had great difficulty in restraining myself,
but somehow I managed to do so. She at last left me, saying she would
give a look in to see that I was comfortable before she herself went to
bed. I told her it was very kind of her, but that there was no necessity
for her doing so, as I always went to sleep like a top the moment I lay
down.

“I am glad of that, my dear child, but nevertheless I will look in, lest
the strange bed should prevent your sleeping.”

And again she hugged me passionately against her firm and well-formed
bosom, kissing me with a long, long kiss. Quitting me with a deep sigh,
at last she said good night, and shut the door, apparently going away.
But I fancied that she stopped short, and that I could hear her gently
stealing back, probably in the hope of seeing me undress, and of
catching a view of my huge pego. So I determined she should have her
curiosity indulged. I hurried off my clothes, and before putting on one
of Harry’s nightshirts, which had been laid on the bed for me, I took up
the chamber pot, and turned fronting the key hole, stark naked, and cock
in hand. It was at half-cock, but when I had piddled I made it throb and
raise its head, and gave it a rub or two, and a shake very deliberately,
so that she might be still more bent on possessing it. I took up the
nightshirt, and turning to the light, was very awkward in getting it on,
so as to give time for a good sight of my prick at full stand against my
belly. I then blew out the light, and tumbled into bed very quickly. I
listened attentively, and could hear a deep half-suppressed sigh, and
then footsteps stealing quietly away. I lay awake cogitating as to how I
should receive her, whether to feign profound sleep, and so let her take
all the initiative, or whether to pretend that the novelty of the bed,
and thinking over her affectionate kindness to me had kept me awake. I
decided upon pretending to be sound asleep, chiefly that I might see how
she would carry out her designs, and also as allowing me to play the
surprised one.

In little more than half an hour after all had retired to rest I saw the
glimmer of light through the key hole. I had studied a pose that would
facilitate matters. I lay on my back, the clothes partially thrown off
my breast, and the hand next to the side on which she must approach,
placed above my head. Of course my cock was at full stand and as I had
thrown off the heavy counterpane, it easily lifted up, and bulged out
the sheet and light blanket. I closed my eyes, and breathed heavily. The
door was gently opened, and she entered. She turned to close it, and I
gave a peep through a half-opened eye, and saw that she had only on a
loose _robe de chambre_, which was thrown open in turning, so that I
could see there was nothing but her shift below. I even caught sight of
her beautiful bosom, which at once caused my prick to throb almost to
bursting, so that when she came to my side, it stood up most manfully.
She paused, evidently intent on the sight. She then held the light
towards me, and spoke in an undertone, asking me if I was awake. Of
course I only breathed the heavier, and lay with my mouth half open, as
if in the very deepest first slumber. She then turned her attention to
the bulging-out substance, and ventured to touch it gently; then,
growing bolder, she still more gently grasped it from above the clothes,
and then turned the light on my face, but I gave not a sign. She then
put the candle down, and, taking a chair, sat down close to the bed.
Here she again spoke to me in a subdued tone. Finding no cessation of
the deep breathing, she gently insinuated her hand below the already
favourably turned-down bedclothes, and with great care slipped it down
to my prick, which she grasped softly. I could now feel her whole body
tremble, her breath came fast and short. She passed her hand gently up
from the root to the head, its size evidently greatly exciting her. When
she grasped the head, it gave a powerful throb. She eased her hand, and,
I felt certain, turned to see if it had disturbed me. But I slept on
profoundly. She seemed to gain more confidence, for both hands were now
applied, and it was evident she had assumed a kneeling posture, the
better to favour her designs. I could feel her pass one hand over the
other, until she found the head was still partially above the third
grasp. I heard her give an involuntary exclamation of surprise at its
size. Her curiosity growing by what it fed on, she now commenced with
the utmost caution gently to remove the bedclothes, that she might see,
as well as feel. When this was accomplished, she rose and brought the
light, again passed it before my eyes, and then moved it down towards my
prick. Being sure she was now far too deeply engaged to turn her eyes
towards mine, I half opened them, and beheld her bending close over the
great object of attraction. I heard her exclaim half aloud—

“How wonderful! I never could have imagined such a thing, and in such an
innocent boy, too. Oh! I must possess—yes—I must possess it.”

Here she grasped it more forcibly than before. Then, rising, she put the
candle on the pot stand, which she removed to the foot of the bed. Then
taking my prick in both hands, she gently rubbed it up and down, and
even stooped and fondly kissed the nut. It throbbed more violently than
ever at this, and I thought it time to start, and appear to awake. She
instantly quitted her hold of it, and stood up, but was too agitated to
think of covering me. I opened my eyes in apparent great surprise, but
recognising mamma, I said—

“Oh! is that you, dear mamma? I was dreaming such a nice dream about
you. Oh, do kiss me,” purposely not seeming to know that my person was
all naked.

She stooped and kissed me tenderly, saying—

“My dear, darling boy. I came to see if you were comfortable, and found
you lying uncovered, and with this extraordinary thing sticking up.”

She had seized it with her left hand, as she stooped to kiss me. On the
instant, I determined to play off the same game that had succeeded so
well with my aunt.

“My dear mamma, I should not have dared to speak to you about _that_,
but it does give me much pain, by becoming so hard that it throbs, as
you may feel, at the least touch. I don’t know what to do; and it makes
me feel so queer too, especially at the gentle pressures you have just
given it; dear mamma, can you tell me how I can cure it, and I will love
you so dearly.”

Here she stooped and kissed me very luxuriously, actually thrusting her
tongue into my mouth. I sucked it, and told her how sweet it was. But my
prick becoming perfectly outrageous, I implored her to tell me what I
could do to relieve it. She looked at me long and intently, blushing and
turning pale by turns.

“Yes, my dear boy, I could relieve you, but it is a secret that I hardly
dare confide in one so young.”

“Oh! you may trust me, my dear mamma, you know I am becoming a young
man, and men must know how to keep secrets, or they would be despised,
besides, so dear and loving a mamma as you are to me would doubly make
me keep secret anything you confide to me on those terms.”

“I will trust you, my darling boy, but you will at once see by what I
shall do, how completely I sacrifice myself to do you good.”

Upon this, she threw off her robe, and sprang into bed by my side.

“Oh! how nice of you, dear mamma,” said I, as I took her in my arms, and
kissed her lovingly. “Feel, mamma, how much harder it is, so tell me at
once how I am to relieve it.”

“Well, my dear child, we women are made to relieve such stiffnesses as
this; we possess a sheath to put it in, and then it gradually softens.”

“Oh! where—where—dearest mamma, do tell me?”

She took my hand and put it down on her cunt, already quite wet with the
excitement she had been in.

“There, feel that, do you not find an opening?”

“Oh, yes, but how am I to get in there—won’t it hurt you?”

“I will show you.”

She turned on her back, opened her legs, and desired me to mount on her
belly, with my legs between hers, then guiding my rampant pego, and
rubbing its great head up and down the lips to moisten it, she told me
to push gently downwards, for it was so large that I would otherwise
hurt her. Playing the novice to perfection, I awkwardly but gently soon
thrust it in, up to the codpiece. She uttered an “Oh! oh!” when it was
fairly hilted; then throwing her legs over my loins, and her arms round
my waist, she begged me to move my bottom backwards and forwards, always
thrusting it in as far as I could. Three or four pushes finished me off,
in the great excitement I was under. She, too, died away with a great
convulsive sigh. I took care to cry out—

“Oh! my dear mamma—oh! stop. I am dying—I—I—am dy—dy—ing.”

Her convulsive internal pressures were delicious, and quickly roused my
prick up again. She also had come to, and had glued her lips to
mine—giving her own, and then asking in return for my tongue to suck.

“Oh! what heavenly joys, my dear mamma, you did, indeed, reduce its
hardness, but just feel—it has got hard again, you must reduce it once
more.”

“My beloved boy, I shall always be ready to do so, but it must be the
most sacred secret between us, or I should never be able to do it
again.”

You may well suppose my protestations were of the strongest. At it we
went again, and again, and again. Mamma declared that I was a most apt
scholar. Four times did I pour into her foaming and fiery cunt torrents
of sperm. At last she insisted upon my withdrawing, saying it would
injure my health to indulge any more. So I withdrew, and we embraced
each other most lovingly. I now expressed a wish to see the wonderful
place that had given me the ecstasies of paradise. She lent herself with
admirable grace and ease to my boyish curiosity, and even threw off her
shift, making me do the same, that she too might admire the undisguised
beauties of my form. There was no pretence in the great admiration I
expressed for her really superb form, but I expressed it in a naive and
innocent way, that made her laugh heartily, and confirmed her idea that
she was not only the first naked woman I had seen, but that she was the
first I ever knew, or who had taught me what sensual pleasure meant, and
great was her delight in thinking she had taken my virginity, and been
the first to initiate me in love’s delightful mysteries. Of course, I
did everything I could in order to carry on the deception she was so
much pleased with, and I may add this was the last time I ever did so,
for daily becoming more of a man, I took _things_ by the forelock at
once, and rarely failed to succeed. We got up, and she turned herself
round in every way for me to see the rare beauties of her person—herself
explaining to me where she was well made—bosom, buttocks, belly so white
and smooth, without a wrinkle, although she had had a son. She was,
indeed, one of those rare cases where nothing remains to tell of such an
event. Her bosom, without being so large as aunt’s, was gloriously white
and firm, with such pink nipples, larger than in a maid, but sticking
out hard and inviting a suck. Then her cunt—for she laid herself on her
back, opened her legs, and allowed me the closest inspection. I have
already alluded to her clitoris, as described by Ellen to Harry; it was
charmingly developed, about half the length of Miss Frankland’s, and not
so thick. As I felt her cunt and introduced my fingers to hold it open,
she got excited, and Master Clitoris raised his head, and came out of
his corner in full stand. I professed great surprise to find she had a
little doodle of her own. I purposely used the boyish expression. I
began to play with it.

“Oh!” I said, “I must kiss it.”

I did so, and began to suck it. She got dreadfully lewd, and seizing
upon my now-again-standing prick, drew me upon her, and introduced once
more my master weapon. With greater slowness until the final crisis drew
near, we had another delicious fuck. She was a woman of very warm
passions, and the long pent-up seclusion she had kept herself in with
regard to our sex being once broken, now that the flood-gates were
opened, there was no resisting the torrent of her lascivious passions.
Twice again did we fuck without withdrawing. Then, after hugging and
thanking me for the ecstasies I threw her into, she rose for a natural
purpose, and advised me to do the same, and we would then both lave
ourselves with cold water to restore our nerves. She laved me and I her.
She then insisted on my lying down on my back, while she admired what
she called the masterpiece of Nature. From seeing and feeling, she soon
came to sucking. Up he got in a moment. Playing the ignoramus, I asked
if it was not possible that we could both enjoy that pleasure at once.

“Oh, yes, my dear boy. I am so delighted to find that this pleases you!
Lie on your back, I shall get over you in the reverse way, and while I
suck this enormous jewel, whose head I can hardly get into my mouth, you
shall do as you like with my notch.”

“Is that what you call it, dear mamma?”

“That is one name, and it has many others, but you men generally call it
cunt, as we call yours prick, it is just as well you should know their
ordinary names, as children only call them Fanny and Doodle.”

“Prick and cunt—oh! I shan’t forget, so let me have that beautiful cunt
to suck.”

We had a mutual gamahuche, and both greedily swallowed the double
result, and continued our caresses of both parts, until they were again
in full vigour, and inspired with a desire for more solid enjoyments.

“My darling boy, you are so apt and excellent a scholar that I must show
you there are several ways of allaying the stiffness of this dear
fellow, who seems as desirous as ever to have his hardness taken out of
him. I shall show you how my husband liked best to enjoy me.”

She scrambled up on her knees, and presented her very fine bottom, told
me to kneel behind and give her my prick in her hand, which she thrust
out backwards between her thighs. I did so. She told me it would appear
to get further in this way, and, in fact, it did. After it was all in
until thighs and buttocks met, she told me to admire, praise, and handle
the splendid cheeks of her bottom, and said that such praise greatly
excited her. Of course I did so, admiring not only their size and
fairness, but also the beautiful curly silk meshes that ran between the
cheeks, covered her beautifully pink bottom-hole, charmingly puckered as
it was, and ran up to the flat of her back. After I had so excited her,
she begged me to lean forward, and to handle one bubby while I should
play with her clitoris with the other hand. I did all this tolerably
well, but with somewhat of awkwardness. She said I would soon be
perfect. We ran again two courses before she fell forward dragging me
down without withdrawing, and then turning on our sides, still
intertwined we fell off into a deep slumber, and did not awaken till
daylight. Mamma jumped out of bed, unseating me by the act. She was
alarmed lest the hour should be late enough for the household to be up.
I tried hard to persuade her to reduce once more the hardness which had
again seized me as she might see and feel for herself.

“No, my dear boy, we must not be imprudent, my niece may have awakened
and grown anxious at my absence, and she may rise to seek me; so
good-bye, my darling, go to sleep again.”

She embraced me tenderly, but I could not prevail upon her to go
further, although she promised to seek an opportunity during the day,
and to give me as much as I liked the next night. She left me, and I
pondered over the lucky chance that had put so desirable and fine a
woman into my arms, and also congratulated myself on the stratagem by
which I had fully convinced her that she was my first instructress in
the art of love, a circumstance ever dear to the ardent imagination of
the darling sex. I easily fell asleep again, wondering how Harry in the
meantime had got on with his cousin. My dear mamma would not allow me to
be disturbed. She had entered my room once or twice, and found me
sleeping soundly.

At last she again entered, just as I had satisfied a natural want for
which I had risen. To rush to her, to embrace her tenderly, to fasten
the door, and compel her, not much against her will, to come towards the
bed, to beg her to lie on her belly on the bedside, to cant her
petticoats up, to kneel and gamahuche her cunt from behind until she
begged me to rise and fuck her, was but the work of a minute or two. And
then my stiff-standing pego, aided by the mouthful of thick saliva
occasioned by the gamahuche, was directed at her cunt, and driven home
as far as the buttocks or her fine backside would allow. My prick being
fairly sheathed, I paused for a moment to handle and praise the beauty
of her posterior orbs. Then, stooping, I nibbled at her bubbies with one
hand, and frigged her clitoris with the other. Sharp set, with my long
rest and refreshing sleep, I rapidly ran a first course, but not quicker
than the lascivious nature of dear mamma, who joined me in a copious
discharge with the most ecstatic joy, and the most delicious inward
pressures. For she was a perfect and most accomplished actor in the
combats of love, and in her own way was worthy of my glorious aunt and
my loved Miss Frankland, and as thoroughly accomplished as they in all
the abandon of lust and lubricity, although at the moment I had only
proved things in an ordinary way. Her exquisite internal suctions almost
prevented the slightest relaxation in my delighted pego, and after a
minute or two of indulgence in the after-joy, I began again almost
before dear mamma had recovered her senses, when she tried to tear
herself away. But before she knew where she was I had succeeded in again
firing her ardent and lascivious nature, and she became as eager for a
second course as myself. This was naturally longer than the first fiery
one. I raised myself upright on my knees, contemplated with the utmost
delight the uncommon active play of her loins, and the exquisite side
wriggling of her very fine backside. I loudly praised her delicious
manoeuvres, and seconded them to the utmost, until getting more and more
excited, fast and furious grew our movements. I bent down to second her
by frigging her clitoris, and the final crisis seized us both with its
agony of joy, and I sank almost insensible on her back. We lay for a
short time lost to everything, until mamma, remembering the risk we ran
of discovery, begged me to withdraw, and let her go away. She rose and
threw herself into my arms, glueing her lips to mine with a most loving
kiss. Then stooping, she gave my now pendant prick a most delicious
suck, making her tongue play into and around the mouth of the urethra.
This was so delicious that the delighted member instantly showed its
appreciation of the pleasure by starting up in full swing. Mamma gave it
a pat, and said he was a most charming and delicious boy, who did not
know how to behave himself. Again she kissed me, and tore herself away,
but I could easily see the regret was as great on her side as mine. She
told me her son had been as lazy as I was, and said that breakfast was
waiting for us both. I quickly finished my toilet and found them all at
the breakfast table.

Ellen blushed deeply when she saw me. A glance from Harry assured me he
had succeeded, and that Ellen not only knew what I had been about, but
also that I knew what she had been doing. Hence her high colour when she
saw me. I smiled, and nodded to her knowingly, and as she had observed
the intelligent glance that passed between Harry and me, it did not tend
to put her at her ease.

Mamma, of course, knew nothing of what had passed in her bed while she
was with me, and was all affectionate attention to the whole party, but
with a marked tendency to pay me more particular attention. Our
breakfast was late, so we had to hurry ourselves for church. Mamma drove
Ellen in a small pony phaeton, while Harry and I took a short cut across
the fields.

Harry told me how he had watched his mother and had quietly approached
my door, and as the bed was exactly opposite the key hole, had seen and
enjoyed her proceedings, especially as he knew that I only pretended
sleep.

“By Jove,” he said, “what a fine woman mother is! I could not tear
myself away, and remained until you both went at it again, stark naked.
My mother’s beautiful hairy cunt, fine bubbies and backside, nearly
drove me mad with desire. I could have violated her if she had been
alone. And, then, her energy in fucking was superb. I could hold out no
longer, but rushed to dear Ellen’s side. She was asleep. I took her in
my arms, and awoke her by feeling her delicious young cunt. She opened
her eyes, and thinking it was mamma she turned round to repay the
compliment, and started on having hold of my pego.”

“‘Why! Harry dear, how came you here? We shall be caught by mamma.’

“‘Oh, no, my love, mamma is better engaged, and has slipped away to
Charlie’s room to get done to her what I am going to do to you.’

“She was too much alarmed to believe me, and I was obliged to bring her
to your door. I first peeped, and saw you were still at it. Mamma’s legs
and arms thrown around you allowed me to see your great big thing
rushing in and out, and driving home with immense vigour. I whispered to
Ellen to peep. While she did so, stooping, I sat down on the floor and
gamahuched her. She spent almost immediately, and was so excited that it
quite filled my mouth. I rose on my legs, and bringing my prick against
her cunt, made an entrance as far as over the nut, but was myself so
excited with all I was doing, and all I had previously seen, that I went
off in an agony of delight and with a suppressed cry, which must have
been heard by you and mamma if you had not been so busily engaged. Ellen
had been so excited and so intent on the to her new scene enacting
before her eyes, that she had never ceased gazing on it, and left me to
do whatever I pleased, but my cry alarmed her, especially as in my last
forward push I had sent her head with some noise against the door. She
rose, and so unseated me from the slight hold I had got of her cunt. She
turned round to embrace me most excitedly, and whispered that we must go
elsewhere. I took her round the waist, and we quickly regained mamma’s
bed. The light enabled me to find a towel. I told Ellen it was to
prevent any moisture betraying our acts. She was far too excited and
wishful for the article to make the slightest resistance, or even
pretence of refusal. I begged her to throw off her shift, as she had
seen both Charlie and mamma were quite naked. She at once complied,
being now as eager for the fray as myself. I, too, threw off my
nightshirt. For a moment we embraced each other’s naked bodies. My cock
was as stiff as iron. She lewdly laid hold of it, while I handled her
charming young cunt. I helped her onto the bed, she at once lay down on
her back, and threw open her legs as she had seen mamma do. I stopped
and gave her cunt, all oozing with her own and my spunk, a warm kiss,
and with a lick or two on her budding clitoris, I fired her even to
greater excess than she had yet been in.

“‘Oh, come to my arms, my dear Harry, and let us do as they were so
delightedly doing.’

“She had noted with what rapture mamma was enjoying you, and she had
noted, too, what a much larger cock yours was than mine; so she had
naturally reasoned that if one so big gave her aunt so much delight,
my smaller one could not possibly hurt her, hence her eagerness to
have me at once. I did not baulk her, but throwing myself between her
wide-spread thighs, I soon brought the point of my prick to the longing
lips of her little virgin cunt. I rubbed it up and down in between
the pouting and self-opened lips, partly to moisten it, and partly
to still more excite her lust. I then gently pressed it forward, and
introduced just its head, and drawing it in and out, made her beg me to
go further. I did so, slowly, until I found there was an impediment. I
knew that I must burst through this and that it would hurt her, so I
continued withdrawing and re-entering without going further until she
became so voraciously lewd as to throw her legs around my loins and
heave her bottom up to meet my thrusts. I seized the fortunate moment
and with one downright violent thrust burst through every barrier and
buried my prick in her up to the very hilt. The attack and its result
was so unexpected by Ellen that when she felt the knife-like thrust
of agony she gave a shriek of pain, and made an immediate effort to
throw me off. I was too firmly seated for any other result of her
struggles than the still more complete rupture of her maidenhead, which
my forward thrust had partially effected. I lay for some time quite
tranquil, and when her immediate pain wore off I commenced a gentle
in and out movement, which, without exactly exciting her, produced a
pleasing sensation. I then went on faster and faster until the crisis
came upon me, and I shot into her a torrent of boiling sperm that by
its balmy nature mollified the previous smarting; so that when I had
recovered from the delicious ecstasies of my first success, and my
prick gradually resumed its former vigour, I found by the somewhat
increased pressure upon it that her passions were re-awakening. Three
times did I fuck her before I withdrew, the last one appeared to give
her more pleasure, but still she complained of a smarting pain as I
passed over and over the shattered hymen. I advised her to rise and
lave herself as a relief, and to wash away the stains of blood from
her thighs. The towel was a fortunate thought on your part, but, in
fact, I had followed in all my movements the sage counsels you had
given me from the experience you had had in taking the virginities
of Mrs. Vincent and your two sisters, or I should otherwise probably
have bungled the matter, although my experience with your magnificent
aunt had naturally put me up to all the art of fucking. I had some
difficulty in persuading Ellen to let me put it in again, as she
declared she had endured perfect agony when I broke through her
maidenhead. However, I gamahuched her well, got her passions up,
moistened the shaft well, and was very gentle in entering and in my
first movements. I spent without making her do so. But the well-greased
sheath now allowing more easy movements, she gave down her nature with
considerable pleasure as I spent the second time. Still there was fear
and restraint—fear lest mamma might come back—so I thought it advisable
to retire to my own room, being quite certain that now the road is open
her lascivious nature will not be long in enabling her to enjoy the
sport to the utmost. By the way, she could not help wondering how mamma
could take in your immense pego; why, she said, it was as thick as her
wrist and much longer than her hand, and yet it seemed to slip into
mamma with ease and pleasure, ‘while yours, dear Harry, which is not
thicker than my two forefingers, and hardly much longer, has given me
such pain.’ I assured her it was only for the first night, and that if
she would bathe it with warm water two or three times during the day,
and put up a little glycerine as far as where it hurt, which her finger
could easily reach, she would find that tomorrow night there would no
longer be any pain felt, and she would enjoy it as much as she had seen
mamma do. With this advice I left her to her repose, and gained my own
room unobserved.”

After this we concerted together as to what we should say to the doctor,
who was sure to question us. Mrs. Dale’s cottage was not in our parish,
but she had driven over to our church, partly to throw off all suspicion
from the doctor’s mind, and also to thank him for allowing us to stay
with her.

We, therefore, knew that we should have to go to the rectory and stay
for luncheon. We agreed that we should not on this occasion take the
doctor into our confidence, but that we should tell him we had purposely
been very quiet and discreet, so as to throw Harry’s mother off her
guard. That Ellen slept with her, so that it became doubly necessary to
gain her confidence. This being arranged before we reached church, we
entered. After service we all adjourned to the rectory. The doctor
escorted Mrs. Dale, Harry, Ellen, and I my aunt. Aunt, pressing my arm,
asked me if I had had Mrs. D., as she seemed a fine woman worth having.

“Oh, dear no. I have had no opportunity, even if she would have
consented. I have been playing the ingenuous youth to help Harry with
his cousin. I thought we had somewhat thrown her off her guard, but she
was still jealous and watched him closely. Ellen slept with her, which
rendered things more difficult for Harry. She has closely examined me as
to the sort of intimacy existing between us. I threw such an air of
candour and innocence over my replies that she was quite delighted Harry
had met with such a companion. I fully expect she will break out in
praises of my _modest_ and discreet conduct.”

Indeed, so it turned out, and Mrs. Dale did it with such an air of
candour that aunt was quite convinced nothing as yet had occurred
between us. While the ladies discussed the dresses and bonnets of all
who had appeared in church, uncle took Harry and me for a walk in the
garden until luncheon was ready. Here he began, as aunt had done, to
question us as to our proceedings, and the reason for Mrs. D. asking
permission for us to stay. The same replies that had satisfied aunt
satisfied him that nothing as yet had taken place beyond my gaining the
confidence of Mrs. D.

“My dear Charlie,” said uncle, “you have only now to manage somehow or
other to let her see your great big cock without apparently your being
aware of it, and I will warrant, from my knowledge of woman’s nature,
that she will find a way to have you, only mind you play the innocent,
and be very awkward, and let her appear to teach you, which will give
double pleasure and prevent any questioning as to how you have gained
your instruction, if she thought you instructed.”

I smiled inwardly at these sage directions, and thought how completely
all persons knowing in the ways of the world gave the same advice. But
little did uncle then think that I had acted up to the very letter what
he was advising for my future conduct. We re-entered the house on
luncheon bell ringing. Mrs. Dale complimented the doctor on the advance
her son had made both in manners and instruction, and quite naturally
congratulated herself on his finding so very modest and gentlemanly a
companion in the doctor’s nephew—myself to wit.

Returning home, Ellen begged she might be allowed to walk, doubtless
calculating on having Harry for a companion. But mamma, while agreeing
to her request, was still sufficiently on her guard to take Harry in the
phaeton, and leave me to escort Ellen. Here was a chance! Ellen blushed,
but took my arm as we left the rectory. Uncle gave me a knowing look,
and a glance at Ellen, as we parted, as much as to say, I guess what
will happen. We walked away steadily enough until the first hedge hid
us. I stopped, and embraced Ellen tenderly, saying how glad I was to be
able to congratulate her on the happy chance her aunt had given her, by
coming to me for the night. She was a good deal confused at thinking
that I should know how she passed the night. I rallied her upon this,
told her that no secret existed between Harry and me, and that, in fact,
if I had not lent myself to the game, she would not have had the
opportunity for the great pleasure she must have had in Harry’s arms. I
knew she had not had much, but I wished to draw her on, and to make her
open out as to her feelings, being determined to make the most of any
confidence on her part. She replied that, indeed, she had done nothing
but suffer, and would not have allowed Harry to do what he did if she
had known the pain it would give her, she had been deceived by seeing
how much aunt had seemed to enjoy what was so greatly superior in size
to what Harry had. I smiled at her allusion to the size of my pego, and
knowing that her curiosity must be creating in her a desire to see it, I
told her it was well for her, in the first instance, to have had the
smaller weapon to penetrate her, and that now she would never again
suffer, even by the introduction of so large a one as mine.

“Oh, but when I think of the immense size of yours, I could never dare
to allow you to try, although aunt did seem to enjoy it, when you pushed
it in with such force.”

“My dear Ellen, it was the size alone that tempted mamma, and if I had
not been larger than Harry, I doubt if ever she would have come to me at
night.”

“But how could she dare to do so?”

“Curiosity to enjoy an unusually large cock, my dear.”

“Did you know she was coming?”

“Yes, and no. I saw that her passions were excited, when I had once
_accidentally_ allowed her to see my large proportions.”

“Yes, Harry told me what you were about, but I hardly expected aunt
would have dared to come to you—how did it happen?”

“Well, if you will promise _never_ to let your aunt know that I have
told, I shall tell you. She came and found me _apparently_ asleep, first
felt me, and seeing I did not awake, carefully uncovered me, looked at,
handled and kissed it, upon which, as my cock was nearly bursting, and I
could stand it no longer, I awoke, and innocently complained of the
stiffness I suffered from in that part, and begged her to tell me if
there was any means of relieving it. She told me there was, but it was a
great secret she hardly dared trust me with—and even if she could do so,
she was afraid of a great long thing like _that_, three of her hands
long below the head! but that if I promised secrecy, she would try. Then
she lay down and taught me how to put it in, and I know you afterwards
enjoyed the sight of our being in full action, quite naked—did you not
enjoy it, dear Ellen?”

“Well, dear Charlie, it was very exciting, and made me feel queer all
over; but is it really three hands and a head long?”

I was delighted at the question, as it showed me she was ready for what
I intended should be done. Curiosity once excited was sure to go to the
utmost length, if it had the opportunity. I had purposely been hurrying
on to gain a dense copse through which our path lay, and I knew there
was a snug glade, where we would be in perfect security. It was the
dinner hour of the peasantry, and no one else was likely to come that
way. Just as we entered the copse, she had put her last question. I told
her I would show her, if she would step a few yards beyond the foot
path. She objected, for form’s sake saying—

“What would Harry say?”

“There is no occasion for him to know anything about it, but even if he
did, has he not himself shown you mamma and me in full enjoyment of her
sweet charms; but, unless you tell him you may be sure I never shall, it
will not take a minute, and as we have already walked very fast, we have
plenty of time, and our absence will not be observed.”

With professed reluctance she allowed me to lead her where I wished.
Having arrived at the favourable spot, I sat down on a gentle slope, and
begged her to sit down beside me. As you may well suppose, my prick was
rampant, and almost bursting open my trousers, so that as soon as I
unbuttoned, out it flew in all its splendour. She gave a half scream of
surprise as she gazed upon its large proportions, and declared it looked
larger than when she had seen it with aunt. Her face flushed, and her
eyes sparkled as she gazed, but she seemed half frightened to touch it.
I took her hand and placed it on it. She immediately grasped it
convulsively, but sighed deeply. I had lain back on the grass that it
might stand out boldly before her and I told her to try if it was not
three hands and a head long. She immediately passed one hand over the
other from the root, and said it was really monstrous, and she wondered
how aunt could have got it into her.

“Oh, my darling, I hope some day you will find that you can take it all
in with the utmost delight, but I should not think of trying until you
have had some more practice with Harry.”

Meanwhile she was handling it with great excitement, and while saying
she was sure I could never succeed with her, she was evidently longing
to be able to take it in. I saw I must work her up more—so I said—

“Dear Ellen, you know what pleasure it gave you and Harry to play with
each other with your mouths, it is now your turn to let me see your dear
little thing—and then you must lie over me reversed, so that we may
enjoy ourselves with tongues and mouths.”

She let me at once pull up her petticoats, but said she feared that even
for that she was still too sore from Harry’s work last night. I asked if
she had bathed it in warm water and put glycerine up. “Oh, yes.”

At first it smarted, but before going to church, she had done it three
times, and no longer felt any pain, but still was afraid of my finger
going up. I was introducing it at the moment. It passed in its full
length without hurting her.

“Now, pull up your petticoats well, and lie down on me, while I do the
same with this charming little cunt; my tongue can only give it the
utmost pleasure.”

She herself was now so much excited that she was ready enough to comply
with my desires. She got upon me, her petticoats well canted over her
back. She glued her lips to my prick, and sucked and frigged it with an
energy that proved how highly her passions were fired. Her cunt was
already in a foam of spendings, which I first licked up. Then sucking
her tiny clitoris, stiffly projecting slightly out, I thrust my middle
finger up her cunt, and by the wriggling of her backside, saw how much
she enjoyed it. Introducing a second finger to moisten it, I withdrew
both, and, turning my hand sideways, made each finger enter a separate
aperture. She was already nearly in the grand crisis; it came upon her
before I was ready. She poured a greater discharge into my mouth than I
thought the young thing could have spent. It took her breath away, and
she released her suction of my prick for a minute. But on my begging her
to continue sucking, she did so with increased energy, and I poured out
a torrent of sperm that shot down her throat and nearly choked her, but
the dear girl never let go for all that, and sucked away until not only
was there not a drop left, but by her delicious titillations she had
brought my prick up to its utmost vigour again. I, too, had reawakened
her passions. She wanted to renew the sport in this way again, but I
begged her to allow me to rub the head of my prick up and down between
the well-moistened lips of her cunt, and then to spend with the point,
or at most the head, within it. She asked if she could trust me to stop
if it hurt her.

“Of course, my darling,” I said, “nothing shall be done, or rather
everything shall cease the moment you tell me to stop.”

Half afraid, yet wishing to try, she changed her position to a kneeling
one. I canted her petticoats well over her back, and first kissing and
handling her hard and plump buttocks, which promised a future
perfection, I stooped and again licked her charming pouting cunt with
all its budding fair young curls. Then applying my surcharged mouthful
of saliva to my already well-moistened prick, I lubricated it completely
from point to root, and then applied it to the half-opened lips. Rubbing
it up and down here, and over the clitoris, I excited her to the
greatest pitch.

“Oh! Charlie dear,” she cried, “try if its head will go in now, and I
will try to bear it.”

I was only too glad of the permission, and very rapidly got it in over
the nut, but it was very tight. I drew it half out again, and then, on
repeating this five or six times, found I was imperceptibly gaining
ground.

“Oh! dear Charles, it is delicious! Try on, gently.”

I did so, and had got rather more than half way in when she went off in
an agony of delight, deliciously pouring her warm liquid over my
enchanted prick, giving, at the same time, such a push backwards, which,
meeting a firm, though gentle forward movement on my part, joined with
the natural relaxation following her discharge, drove me up to the hilt
in the very tightest little cunt it has ever been my good fortune to
sheath myself in. I seemed to fill every cranny, and to have stretched
every part to its utmost distention. My aunt with her great cunt had a
power of pressure that seemed almost to nip off your prick, Miss
Frankland, too, was great in that way. But this was more like a very
well made first-rate kid glove, two sizes too small for your fingers,
yet giving way without bursting, and fitting every irregularity of the
nail or finger; just so her little cunt fitted my prick exactly like a
glove, and it was truly most ecstatic. A gentle withdrawing, and then as
gentle resheathing, so excited me that I shot a torrent of sperm up into
her very womb. She gave quite a cry of ecstasy, and I could feel the
tight sheath exercising a running movement along the whole length of my
prick, and still more tightly closing all round it—if that were
possible. It was so exquisitely delicious that both of us were almost
instantly in readiness for another course.

She asked if I was all in.

“Oh, yes, my dear, do you think you could have taken any more?”

“Oh, no, it appears to fill me to bursting, and to be up to my very
heart. I could not have supported more, but could hardly believe I had
it all, as I did not think it possible, and was afraid there was more to
come.”

“Did it give you any pleasure?”

“Oh, yes; and does so still—push on, dear Charlie, and don’t spare me,
it is heavenly.”

She wriggled and heaved her backside. I seized her by each hip and
favoured her side movements by, as it were, drawing her off and on;
faster and faster we moved, until at last the crisis seized us both
together. Her head sank with a deep sigh, or rather cry of ecstasy. She
would have fallen forward on her belly, but that my grip of her hips
held her bottom close up to my belly, with my prick thrust into the
innermost end of her cunt, until I felt the three points of the opening
of her womb, like the nailless ends of three fingers grasping, as it
were, the very point of my prick, and opening themselves to receive the
whole discharge of my sperm within its innermost recesses. Nothing could
be more delicious, and as I held her fast, I was myself in a state of
perfect ecstasy. At last addressing some endearing expressions, and
getting no reply, I found that the dear girl had quite fainted away, and
was insensible in every respect except in the continued convulsive
throbs of her delicious tight cunt. However, finding that she did not
recover her senses, I gently withdrew my still stiff prick. Very little
sperm followed the withdrawal. I wiped her cunt dry with my
handkerchief, and was glad to see there was no blood stains. I laid her
gently down on her back, ran to a little stream, and taking two handfuls
of water, came back, threw some on the still throbbing cunt, and
sprinkled her face with the drops that still adhered to my palms. This
had the desired effect; she opened her eyes, raised herself on her
bottom, and threw her arms round my neck as I knelt by her side. Telling
me I had made her taste of the joys of heaven, she kissed me, and then
burst into a hysterical flood of tears. I comforted her as best I could
and asked why she wept.

“I don’t know, dear Charles, but the last time made me feel both sick
and faint just after you had given me such ecstasy as I never dreamt was
possible. I believe I then fainted, and even now, I don’t know why but I
feel quite hysterical.”

I kissed her tenderly, begged her to rise and come to the spring, where
she could drink and said if she sat down on her feet I would bathe and
cool her dear little cunt, which would probably put all to rights. She
did so, and was quickly quite restored to herself again. She said she
supposed it was my enormous size.

“But it did not hurt me, dear Charles, it only gave me too much
pleasure; but you will do it to me another time whenever we have any
opportunity, will you not, dear Charlie?”

I assured her I should always be too glad to do so, but that we must
neither let her aunt nor Harry know of our proceedings. This being
arranged, and she having quite recovered from the pallor her fainting
fit had caused, we resumed our course homeward, and so hurried on that
Harry, who had come to meet us found us getting over the stile of the
last field, and was even disappointed that we had got so far, for we
were now in sight of the cottage. He had hoped to find us much further
back, and that I might have favoured his having a go at his cousin
before reaching home. Ellen squeezed my arm. I said it was just as well
as it was, for any imprudence might have awakened his mother’s
suspicions, and prevented a night of pleasure, which would be far better
than any uncomfortable field affair.

When we arrived at home, mamma thought that Ellen looked fatigued, and
advised her to go and lie down on her bed, and take an hour’s siesta.
She told us boys we had better do the same, as she had some private
matters to attend to. Harry and I saw immediately what was meant, and we
betook ourselves to our respective rooms, I to expect mamma, who did not
fail to come, and Harry to watch her, and then made the most of the
opportunity with his cousin. I quickly undressed, and when mamma came I
found she had divested herself of stays and undergarments; so when she
undid her gown, and let fall her shift, she stood in all the naked glory
of her beautiful form. I flew to embrace her most lovingly. Both our
hands wandered and being both in full heat, we were at it in a moment
fast and furious. I drove on, admirably seconded by dear mamma, and we
quickly both gave down at the same instant a most delicious libation on
the altar of Venus, and then died away in all the after-enjoyment. We
lay for nearly a quarter of an hour soaking in the delicious bliss of
satisfied desire. Mamma, on coming to her senses, kissed me most
tenderly, and declared she had never believed it possible that she could
have had such exquisite delight.

“But then, my dear Charles, I never dreamt that any man, let alone a boy
like you, could be so magnificently hung. Oh, it is also such joy to me
to think I have first taught you the real joys of coition, and tasted
the first sweets of that most glorious weapon. My dear Charlie, I must
contemplate its beauties in this full light; withdraw the dear fellow
and turn on your back.”

I did so. She rose, and turning in the reverse position, brought her
lovely foaming cunt right down on my mouth. I sucked up all the
delicious foam oozing from the aperture. Then drawing into my mouth her
half-stiffened clitoris, which was then pendant like a little boy’s
cock, I soon sucked it into its utmost rigidity, frigging her rich
pouting cunt with two fingers, the while. She, on her part, was not
idle, first playing with my prick, covering and uncovering its head,
which soon made it stand up in all of its glory. She was profuse and
loud in its praises. Then getting too excited for mere admiration, she
took it in her mouth and sucked it, and manipulated it with one hand,
fingering my codpiece with the other. I then found her fingers were
feeling and tickling my bottom-hole. She took her mouth from off my
prick, and paused a moment; then again applied her finger to my
fundament, and made it gently penetrate as far as it would go. The
previous pause had evidently been for the purpose of moistening her
finger with her saliva that it might slip in easily. I was delighted to
find that she had come to this, but pretending ignorance, I stopped my
proceedings to ask her what she was doing to my bottom, which could give
me such exquisite delight.

“It is my finger, my dear Charles, my late husband was always delighted
with my doing this, and used also to add greatly to my pleasure by doing
the same to me.”

“Shall I do so to you, dear mamma?”

“Oh, yes, my darling boy; moisten your finger first and then do it in my
bottom-hole, as you have been doing it in my cunt.”

“But I think I can do both at the same time, they are so close
together.”

“You are a delightful darling; do so, and it will be double pleasure to
me.”

So I immediately commenced to postillion her to her and my extreme
gratification. We soon spent with the utmost delight, and both swallowed
all we could get, continuing our suctions until the passions of both
were again excited. I now declared I must fuck her again in the kneeling
position, in which she had before given me such exquisite pleasure. As
she drew a little higher up, I flung my arms round her fine backside,
and glued my lips to her bottom-hole, and thrust my tongue in and out.

“Oh, Charles, dear, what are you doing? Oh! how delightful.”

And she wriggled her backside over my mouth in a most voluptuous and
lascivious way.

“Oh, rise my darling, and fuck me; you have made me so very lewd.”

I drew myself up on my knees behind her, and was into her with wild
ferocity that made her cry out with joy as she felt the mighty
instrument rush within her. I stooped and frigged her clitoris at her
desire, but wishing to contemplate the glorious movement of her backside
I begged her to frig herself that I might be able to do so. Seizing hold
of her hips, I drew her splendid bottom off and on my stiff and glowing
prick with such immense delight to her that she went off and spent
profusely, the hot stream bathing my delighted prick. But having already
fucked Ellen so shortly before, and having spent twice at the present
time, I remained for a while quiet, with mamma’s exquisite cunt
deliriously throbbing round it to the infinite enjoyment of my cock. I
stooped and nibbled with my fingers at one of her nipples. I played with
and frigged her very fine clitoris, which was soon in stiff-standing
excitement again. Being cool myself, I soon worked her up into the
wildest state of excitement by my frigging and the throbbings of my
prick, aided with occasional long slowly drawn-out movements, and then
as slowly regaining ground until within the last three inches, when it
was thrust vigorously forward, and kept there for her convulsive
pressures on it. I kept this up until she was almost wild with lust, and
cried out for more vigorous movements. I did not immediately comply, but
continued my exciting proceedings until she bit the pillow in the
madness of her lust. Then I drove on fast and furious, amid cries of
delight and ecstasy on her part, until the grand crisis overtook us both
at the same instant in a perfect fury and agony of delight. I had
previously left the frigging to herself, and had seized her hips and
enjoyed the glorious sight of the furious contortions of her bottom
under the excessive lubricity of her wildly excited lasciviousness. She
died away in such excess of ecstasy that she would have fallen on her
belly but for the grip I had upon her hips, and the pressure with which
I drew back her glorious bottom against my belly. I threw back my head
in the agony of delight, and brayed like a donkey as I had done once
before when fucking the luscious Frankland, and felt the three pointed
entrance to her womb close upon and nibble at the point of my prick so
delightfully, just as dear Ellen’s had done in the wood. As I came to my
senses I spoke to dear mamma, and found that she too had fainted away,
and was quite insensible to everything but the convulsive inner
movements of her delicious cunt. I withdrew and laid her gently down on
her side, bringing a tumbler of water, a sponge, and towel, I opened her
splendid thighs, sponged and bathed her cunt, which showed but little of
the torrent of sperm I had just poured into it. I then sprinkled her
face, and she came to with a deep sigh. Her first utterance was to bless
me for the joy I had given her, which was in fact too much, and then she
burst into tears and became quite hysterical. I thought it odd that I
should have produced the same effect upon her more accustomed and more
developed organs as I had done on dear Ellen. I comforted her in my
boyish way, and asked how it was that the effect should have been
different from anything she had previously experienced with me.

“Ah! my dear boy,” she said, with a deep sigh, “you have caused me such
extreme sensations that I fear you must have got me with child, you
seemed to penetrate my very womb, and to excite me far beyond anything I
ever previously remember.”

“My loved mamma, can I possibly get a child?”

“Get a child, indeed!” she replied. “Yes, a dozen, with such a great
monster of a cock, that so excites us poor women.”

I embraced her most tenderly, and said I was so happy to think I should
be the father of a child of hers.

“Alas! my dear boy, it may be joy to you, but what a sorrow it will be
to me if such should be the case; think how I should lose position in
the world if it should be known, and even if by going abroad I could
hide my shame from the public, still what shifts and contrivances I
should be put to to ensure secrecy; but never mind, my darling, I would
run twice such risk to enjoy your person, and secure your affection; you
must ever cherish and love me, my Charlie, for I risk good name and fame
for you; but now I must be gone, or we shall be sought for; try and
sleep a little, my dear boy, for I am sure you need it after your
exertions, and remember you must gain strength to renew them this
night.”

She kissed me lovingly, rose, put on her things and left me to repose.
But I could not help thinking of what she had said about fearing that
that peculiar fuck in which she had fainted portended fructification. If
so, I thought dear Ellen will probably be in the same predicament, for
the result was precisely the same with her. I may here observe that
mamma’s fears became certainties, both in her case and Ellen’s.
Eventually they both left the country together, when staying would have
brought on discovery. And, curiously enough, they were both delivered of
daughters on the same day. Of both I was the happy father, although
Harry had the credit of Ellen’s child, but she herself always asserted
to me that it was the delicious fuck in the wood that did the mischief.
And from the peculiar effect produced on both mothers on that day, I
never had any doubt of the real paternity, besides, the child grew up my
very image. Mamma’s daughter was superbly developed when she became a
young woman. She had even a larger clitoris than Miss Frankland, with
which she absolutely deflowered her sister’s cousin at the age of
fourteen. I may also incidentally observe that at the age of fifteen I
had both their maidenheads, as far as the male sex was concerned. And
Harry and I often fucked them together in every way; and my darling
daughter with her long and large clitoris has often fucked my bottom,
while I was doing the same to her sister, with Harry below fucking her
whom he believed to be his daughter. But this belongs to my latter
experiences, and has nothing to do with the present period of my life,
though, perhaps, I may be tempted hereafter to enter into all the
details of my middle age and later experiences.

Dear reader, pardon me this digression. To resume, I slept soundly for
an hour, then rose, and strolled in the garden with Harry, who related
to me how he had taken advantage of mamma’s occupation to steal into
Ellen’s room. She had been much afraid, the sly pussey, to allow him to
enter again, but when once he got within, and she found it did not hurt
her, but the contrary, she got extremely lewd, and they had two splendid
fucks. Then stealing along to my door to peep as to how we were getting
on, we so excited them again that he had another from behind, while she
stooped and peeped all the time, for it was when I was fucking mamma
from behind, on my knees, and they concluded it would be our last for
the present. When they had brought matters to a finish they separated,
and mamma had found Ellen fast asleep.

“But, by Jove, Charlie,” said Harry, “how splendid mother fucks, I quite
envied you, and I shall never rest until I get into her myself; how
gloriously she wriggles her backside, and how lusciously she enjoys
fucking; to be sure such a mighty prick as yours is enough to stir up
every passion; it astonished, and I think made Ellen more lewd, although
she is sure she could never take in such a monster.”

I smiled at thinking how easily the very youngest of the fair sex
deceives us, but I took care not to let Harry know my opinion.

We re-entered for dinner, and spent a pleasant evening, which was the
forerunner to the delights of the night. Mamma came as soon as she
thought Ellen fast asleep, which Ellen took very good care should soon
be the case. In a moment, she was quite naked, and clasped to my equally
naked body. I had been expecting her, and thinking over the delights of
our last fuck, so that I was rampant before her arrival. She was equally
eager for the fray, and at it we went hammer and tongs, and soon brought
the first bout to a close, in mutual “ah’s!” and “oh’s!” of delight. We
soaked for some time in the delicious enjoyment. Then mamma scolded both
herself and me for our precipitation, saying that we threw away all the
luxury and abandon of fucking when we went at it in such haste; it was
in that way mere animal instinct, and wanted all the lascivious delight
of lubricity and skill in fucking. She said, now that the edge was taken
off our appetites, we must begin again with a mutual gamahuche. She rose
first to piddle, and allowed me to see the rush of water from her
delicious cunt. Then lighting two more candles, she placed two at the
foot of the bed, and two at the head, by which we should both have the
advantage of seeing all we were caressing. Then I lay down on my back,
and she mounted on me, in reverse, thus bringing her bottom down over my
face. I thrust my tongue up her cunt, and licked up the delicious spunk
oozing down from the inside. Her piddle had washed all away from the
pouting lips. Then taking her charming clitoris in my mouth, I sucked it
up to its greatest stiffness. I had thrust three fingers into her cunt,
and when I found she had thrust hers into my bottom, I transferred them
all into her beautiful pink bum-hole. They were very greasy from my
sperm coming down upon them when in her cunt, and as she favoured their
entrance by pushing out her bottom, all three slipped in, without,
apparently, her thinking it was more than one. I was delighted to see
how easily it stretched out, for this gave me great ground to hope that
I should be able to manage to get my large pego within, which I was
fully resolved upon doing, but it required a little artfulness to do so
without raising her suspicions that it was no new road to me. She
brought matters to a conclusion much as before, and when re-excited,
mamma proposed to teach me a new way, which was by her mounting on me,
and staking herself on my standing pego. Like others before her, she did
not stoop down upon me until she had made herself spend where she was,
while I saved myself for further fucking.

When she died off, she sank on my bosom. I clasped her waist with one
arm, sucked the bubby nearest my mouth, and reaching round my other arm,
I brought my hand over her bottom to the delightful orifice, first
moistening my finger with her spending which was oozing out between the
lips of her cunt and my standing prick. I thrust my finger into her
bottom-hole, and worked it in and out, to her infinite satisfaction. She
cried out in the excess of her lewdness—

“Oh! my dear boy, that is just as my dear husband used to do, and it
gave me great pleasure, but not near so much as you do, for your dear
prick is twice as large as his was, and fills me with an excess of
pleasure which was never approached with him.”

All this led up to a superb and lascivious fuck, in which we both died
away in mutual ecstasy, with cries of voluptuousness, and then lay
soaking in delight until her weight forced me to beg her to turn on her
side. We then had a long sweet chat of love. Turning the talk on her
suspicions of having got with child at the morning prayers, I remarked
that she had had only one child by her husband, and as he had lived many
years after Harry’s birth, and from what she said, she had continued to
be enjoyed by him, it was, therefore, not probable she would now be got
in the family-way.

“That appears probable, my dear boy, but then he took precaution not to
get any more children.”

“But what precautions could he take, and how did he do so?”

“You are a curious boy, but I shall tell you. He used to continue long
at it, making me spend two or three times before he did, and then when
he felt it coming he used to withdraw, and his prick being all moist, he
would slip it into my bottom, and spend there as soon as ever he got the
head of it inside.”

“And did that give you any pleasure, mamma?”

“He had excited me, and made me spend several times before he did so;
and beyond slight irritation I did not feel much pleasure, as he was
generally so near the crisis that he could scarce do more than get its
head in when off he went.

“Did he ever get it in altogether—and then did it give you pleasure?”

“Sometimes he did when he had drawn it out of my cunt too soon; in such
cases he used to pause until by rubbing my clitoris he got me into a
renewed state of lewdness, and then the pleasure was peculiar and
great.”

“Oh, my dear, mamma, you must let me too fuck you in that way, and then
you know we shall get no children.”

“My darling Charlie, it is impossible that this great big thing could
ever get into that orifice, my late husband’s was not half your size,
and he had great difficulty unless I had already spent three or four
times and relaxed all those parts. I should not dare to let you attempt
it.”

“Oh, yes my darling mamma, you will let me just get its point in and
spend there. I should so like to try. We will fuck two or three times
first, and then after the third time I shall frig you till you spend
first, and so I shall be ready just to put in the point for you to try
how it feels.”

“But, my dear boy, the least throb on my part will push it out, unless
it is in over the nut, and only look what a size it is. I can hardly
grasp it, and although it is so velvety it is quite hard. Oh, the dear
fellow, let me kiss it, and then do you fuck me again, my darling.”

She bent her body, gave me a delicious suck, then throwing herself on
her back, and opening her beautiful thighs, invited me to mount her.
Before doing so I also bent and sucked her charming and well-developed
clitoris, until she squealed again with pleasure, and begged me to put
it to her. I threw myself on her belly, and with one vigorous shove
drove my rampant prick up to the hilt, making her all shake again. She
was so hotly wound up that she spent with the single shove, and poured a
flood of hot liquid over my delighted prick. I, too, would have gone off
in two more thrusts had she not thrown her arms and legs around me, and
slipping her hands over my buttocks, held me tight pressed against the
pouting and greedy lips of her salacious cunt as if she would shove in
ballocks, buttocks and all, if it were possible. So keeping it tightly
thrust in up to the lowest hair, which lay all crushed between us, I let
her indulge in all the delight of perfect conjunction, responding to her
delicious throbbing cunt with powerful throbs of my own highly excited
prick. For more than a quarter of an hour did she lie panting and
convulsively sobbing in the perfect ecstasy of enjoyment. At last she
drew my mouth down to hers, and thrust her sweet tongue into my mouth; I
sucked it, and her hands relaxing the pressure of my buttocks, against
her cunt, I began a slow in and out movement that soon renewed her
utmost lubricity. Most actively and divinely did she second me with an
art quite her own. Fast and furious grew our movements, until, like all
things human, they came to an end in a death-like agony of delight, in
which my very soul seemed to take flight, and we lay all unconscious,
for I don’t know how long, enjoying all those exquisite after-delights
which a prick soaking in the cunt of a beautiful and lewd woman so
enchantingly confers. When we recovered, we rolled over sideways, and
still intertwined and conjoined in the sweet priapic bonds, we lay
billing and cooing with all those soft loving murmurings and bitings so
befitting such moments. At last both were again ready, and longing for
the fight. I proposed the delicious kneeling position. She saw at once
my object, and said I was a little traitor, who wanted to surprise her
bottom-hole.

“But, my darling boy, it is really impossible.”

I embraced, flattered, cajoled, and implored her until at last she
promised that if I would engage on honour not to go further, she would
try and support the entrance of my prick as far as over the nut, but
that I must really withdraw it if it was too painful for her. So these
preliminaries being arranged, she got into position. First stooping to
lick out her delicious cunt, and give a suck or two at her charming
clitoris, I brought my eager prick to the pouting and longing lips of
her delicious cunt, and after two or three rubs, thrust it in with a
rush that made my belly smack against her glorious backside. We then lay
quiet, throbbing mutually in the luxury of voluptuousness. I passed a
hand under her belly, and frigging her clitoris quickly, made her come
in an ecstasy of delight. I only gave her time for one or two throbs of
my prick, and knowing that nothing so much delights a lecherous woman as
quick movements almost immediately after spending, I commenced rapid
series of thrusts, shoving my prick well up to the hilt every time, and
talking grossly all the while, such as—

“Does not that shove make you quiver? There you have it to the ballocks
in your lascivious and delicious cunt,” &c.

She grew madly lewd, called me her own dear delightful fucker.

“Yes, yes; I feel it is up to the root. I have it well in, my dear boy.
Your dear, great big prick, it kills me—kills—kills me—with—joy. Oh! oh!
oh!”

She squealed again with all the lewdness of the most delicious spend.
She had hardly gone off, and was yet in all the throes of delight when
I, too, feeling I could hold out no longer, suddenly withdrew the
reeking shaft, and bringing it to bear against the corrugated and
beautiful orifice of her bottom, attempted to introduce it.
Notwithstanding the fury of my excitement, I was sufficiently gentle to
push in without force, and sheathed it over the nut without difficulty
or drawing a murmur from dear mamma, who fulfilled her promise, and did
her utmost to help me by pushing out her big bum, and offering no
resistance with her sphincter muscles. I was so highly wound up that
even if I had promised to be content with the insertion of the head, I
could not have gone on further, as the access seized me with such
killing sweetness that I melted away, shooting a torrent of sperm far up
into her entrails, and then losing all power of even the slightest
further thrusts. I suppose it was the long holding back to let mamma
spend two or three times that had wrought me up to such a high pitch of
nervous excitement that when I spent I seemed to lose all power of
further advance. This was the first time I ever felt this momentary
impuissance, but it was by no means the last; it generally follows the
holding back your spending powers in the fuck that leads to it. The
delicious throbbings of dear mamma’s luscious cunt, which were repeated
in her arms, soon reawakened my momentarily dormant powers. My prick had
gone down more than usual, so that it was only a soft half stiffness
that ensued, but enough to enable me to give it a forward movement, and
it slipped almost imperceptibly in quite as far as he could go before
dear mamma had recovered from the ecstasy of her last discharge. As she
came to, I continued convulsively catching my breath, as if I were still
in that exquisite sensation of half consciousness. I felt her pass her
hand between her thighs, and heard her murmur—

“Why, I declare he is up to the hilt!”

Her gentle touch on my cods, which she took in her hand and fondly
caressed, made my prick stiffen sensibly. She felt this, and caressed
them more until she made it stand as stiff as ever, still imbedded to
the utmost in that delicious bottom, which by its increased throbbings,
seemed rather to welcome the stranger than repulse him. I pretended now
to recover my full consciousness, and cried out—

“Oh, where am I? I have never known such heavenly joy.”

She raised her face up from the pillow—

“Why, you naughty boy, you have actually gone in up to the hilt; ah, you
have broken your promise; but I forgive you, only don’t move yet.”

I assured her I did not know how it got there, as I had spent and lost
consciousness as soon as ever his head was within.

Here I throbbed, and was met by as delicious a pressure. I passed my
hand round her belly, and found her clitoris stiff and excited. I rubbed
with the fingers of the other hand at one of her hard projecting
nipples. She soon grew madly lewd, and began a side wriggle on my
rampant prick. I lay still, determined to let her passions demand
movement of my part. I had not to wait long. She begged me to try a
gentle movement, I obeyed, and slowly withdrew but a short way, and as
slowly returned. Soon her lubricity got beyond all bounds. She begged me
to draw out further and somewhat quicker—then quicker and quicker, until
we both were in an excess of furious lust, which knew no bounds. We
rushed on to the final crisis with mutual cries of agonised delight;
indeed, mamma squealed so loud that I afterwards thought she must have
been heard. Her pleasure was of the wildest, and when I poured a flood
of sperm up her entrails at the very moment she herself was spending, we
both fell forward and fainted away. I was too much lost in ecstatic joy
myself to observe this, but lay long a tightly held prisoner engulphed
in that most exquisite joy-giving aperture. At last I became aware that
mamma had really fainted. So drawing my prick out with somewhat of a
good pull, for he was most tightly held, and came out with a flop, I
rose and brought some water to mamma. I sprinkled her face, and she
opened her eyes, which beamed the intensest love upon me. Her lips
murmured something, I put the tumbler to her mouth, she drank with
avidity. Then looking at me again with the most loving expression, she
said—

“My darling boy, you will kill me with delight. Never—oh, never—have I
known such joy. It was too much for me, and I fear I am also injuring
you. We must be more moderate in future. Help me up, for I must rise.
Your last coup requires me to absent myself for a few minutes.”

She rose, threw her robe over her shoulders, and left the room to go to
the water closet. I hoped that she would not go into her own room and
discover how matters were going on there. Fortunately she was afraid of
awakening Ellen, and so prevent our continuing bedfellows for the rest
of the night. She returned. I had purified myself in the meantime, and
now acted as her _femme de chambre_, and laved all the parts.

“My dear boy, we must not do this again for some time, do you know I
have passed blood, and was very sore when relieving myself.”

We got again into bed. She would not allow of any further fuckings, but
tenderly embracing me, and putting my head on her bosom, we soon fell
asleep. She awoke me at dawn with kissing me and feeling my
stiff-standing pego. She laid herself on her back, and we had two most
delicious fucks without withdrawing. I knew that if I did withdraw she
would take herself off. Nevertheless, she took most kindly to the
second, as it would be our last until we had another opportunity of
meeting. She exerted all her wonderful skill and her movements were of
astounding agility. She twined herself round me almost serpent-like. Our
mouths and tongues were equally engaged, and the final crisis was beyond
description exquisite. I tried hard for a third course, but we had
already prolonged our sports to so dangerous an hour, for we could hear
them opening the lower window shutters, that she gave me a sweet kiss of
thanks and tore herself away. I lay thinking over the joys of that
ecstatic night, and then rose and dressed quickly, as we were to
breakfast and then walk home, where we were expected at nine o’clock.
However, after breakfast, mamma drew me into her sanctum, a house
storeroom, to give me some directions. Of course, no sooner was she
there, than pushing her towards the table, I canted up her petticoats
over back, and gave her a good fuck, getting in from behind. She yielded
with a good grace, notwithstanding her protestations that it was not for
that she had come, as if it had been for anything else! Oh! woman,
woman! how thou seekest to deceive, even when gaining the very object
thou hast in view.

Harry told me they had peeped in and seen what we were at but he was not
so ready as me, and had not been able to go and do likewise.

We loitered all too long, and did not get back to school until after ten
o’clock. The doctor sternly ordered us to attend him in his sanctum at
twelve o’clock. We knew what that meant—a good flogging, and then the
doctor enjoying the account of our successes. At twelve o’clock we
entered the doctor’s room, who followed us immediately after. He scolded
us sternly for being late, and said he meant to flog us both well for
our idleness and, he had no doubt, debauchery. We knew immediately that
he meant to lay on. From time to time he was fond of really seriously
flogging someone and we now saw that such was his present intention,
although we also knew it would end in an orgie, after we had excited him
sufficiently by recounting the details of the fucking which he no doubt
felt certain had taken place. He made us all strip, and choosing to take
Harry first he made me the horse to flog him on. When all was ready, he
began by some real sharp cuts on Harry’s backside, and then commenced
his remarks.

“So, young gentleman, you have been seducing your cousin, have
you?”—whack—whack—whack—“and then making that the excuse for neglecting
your school.” Whack, whack, whack. “I thought I had formerly whipped out
all idea about fucking your cousin.” Whack, whack, whack.

Poor Harry writhed in real pain.

“Oh, sir, I’ll never do it again without your leave.”

“My leave indeed!” Whack, whack, whack.

The doctor now laid on for some time most unmercifully until the
revolution of pain turned to lubricity, and Harry’s cock began to stand,
rapping fiercely at my bottom as he writhed under the sharp infliction
of the rod. Upon seeing the expected effect, the doctor relaxed his
severity, and changing the rod to his other hand, afterwards only
tickled the bottom to keep up the excitement. Taking hold of the
standing prick, he said—

“So this is the article that has been doing all the mischief.”

He frigged it a little, stooped and gave it a suck.

“Ah, yes, I find it still tastes of cunt, and smells the true odour of
it; so you have been at it this morning again. Let me hear how it
happened.”

Here Harry was let go. The doctor seated himself, Harry stood before
him, while the doctor in delight, handled his stiff-standing pego.

“Now, let me hear.”

“Well, sir, when Charlie occupied mamma—”

“Oh, that is it, is it?” cried the doctor, “we shall have all that out
of him, by and by, go on.”

“I slipped into Ellen. She made some difficulty for fear mamma should
catch us; but I took her and showed her through the key hole, how she
was having Charlie into her. Ellen was astonished at Charlie’s immense
size, and seeing how easily and delightedly mamma accommodated him, she
thought that my smaller size could not hurt her, and she let me do it.
But I made her scream and bleed when I got in far enough to reach her
maidenhead. She tried to shake me off, but I was too firmly seated for
that, and I fucked her then, and again before I withdrew. I laved her
cunt and applied some glycerine, and this morning did it again without
hurting her any more. And she liked it so much that afterwards she would
kiss and suck it, and made me spend in her mouth, and then got me up
again for a final go.”

“Upon my honour, a very pretty affair,” cried the doctor. “Now suck my
prick, as she sucked yours.”

This Harry did, till the doctor was rampant. He then made him cease, but
ordered me to mount on Harry’s back. I knew I should catch it sharp, as
the doctor was just excited enough to wish to be more so. And preciously
he gave it me—interpolating questions as to how I had accomplished my
wicked ends. I told him it was his own advice to me to let her see my
prick, which I did, and the bait took. Whack—whack—whack.

“And did you act this innocent sin?”

“Oh, yes! do spare me, sir, and don’t lay on so hard.”

Whack—whack—whack.

“Spare you, indeed! and how did she fuck?”

“Oh, most splendidly, sir.”

Whack—whack—whack.

“How often did you do it?”

“I hardly know, sir; we were at it all night, and again this morning.”

“Did she suck your prick?”

“Oh, yes, sir.”

Whack—whack—whack.

“What did she think of it?”

“She said it was the finest she had ever seen, and that I must keep it
for her only.”

“Well, that will do, now suck my prick, as she did yours.”

He was soon excited up to the top of his bent. He made Harry take the
rod, and belabour his backside, and I had to stoop over the table, while
he fucked and frigged me, repeating all the time the account we had
given him of our fucking. After he spent, he dismissed us, having gained
his object. Shortly before our Christmas holidays commenced, dear Mrs.
Dale informed me, while sleeping with her one Saturday night, that she
found from the stoppage of certain things, she was in the family-way by
this sad rogue of a fellow, taking my large though at the moment soft
and inert instrument into her caressing hand.

“Oh, my darling mamma, is it so indeed?”

My prick rose to bursting point at the very idea, and in an instant I
was on her, and we ran a most delicious course, in which both died away
in rapturous insensibility. Being thus cooled, mamma began to discuss
the probabilities, and what ought to be done, if it should turn out as
she feared. She explained to me that as yet she could not speak with
certainty, but remembering the fainting on the first night, and the
cessation of her monthlies, the nature of which she explained to me,
little dreaming that I was perfectly _au fait_ of the whole matter, she
had every reason to dread that her fears where too well founded. This
would make it necessary for her to go abroad, when she would be so far
advanced as to be likely to draw observation. But she said it would not
do to distress ourselves about that until we were more certain of the
event. However, the very idea nerved me to renewed efforts, and again,
and again, we rushed into all the ecstasies of passion in every form and
way, especially did I gamahuche and suck up her precious balm, and in
like manner she, too, sucked me until exhausted nature laid us both in
the lap of Morpheus. We renewed our delightful pastimes when morning
light awoke us after our refreshing slumbers. Several times during the
Sunday we adjourned to mamma’s bedroom for the same purpose, and again
had a glorious night of it before separating on the Monday morning. The
following Sunday, after another Saturday night of bliss, we all went
over to church, which heavy rain had prevented on the previous week, and
after service went to the rectory for luncheon. Here, in course of
conversation, Mrs. Dale mentioned that business would require her
presence in London for some days, and that she proposed starting on the
following Thursday, which was the day after our breaking up for the
holidays. She said also that she would take her son with her to London.
The doctor here observed that he, too, must go to London, to see a
gentleman who had some idea of sending his son to the rectory, and if
Mrs. Dale could defer the departure until Saturday, it would be very
agreeable to him to be her companion on the journey. This was readily
acceded to, and my dear aunt, who guessed to what this tended, and who
had herself taken a great fancy to Ellen, and longed to embrace her
young charms and gamahuche her, chimed in with a proposal that as the
dear girl would thus be left quite alone, she would be most happy if she
would accept her invitation to occupy the bedroom that opened out of her
own room during Mrs. Dale’s absence. The latter, who little dreamt of my
connection with her dear niece, and thought that the protection of my
aunt would be a safeguard to her, jumped at the invitation, and
expressed her gratification and thanks for so kind a consideration on my
aunt’s part. I have not alluded to Harry all this time, but of course,
whenever his mother and I were occupied in amorous alliance, he was
equally engaged in the same delicious pastime with Ellen. And, I may
add, that once or twice I had seized a favourable opportunity of
gratifying the little lecherous creature with what she called a feast of
my noble prick. She, of course, was delighted at my aunt’s proposition
as she at once foresaw how she would have me all to herself for more
than a week. A single glance from her explained all this; and when, on
leaving, she found an opportunity of taking my hand, her pressure of it
was most eloquent. So all parties were delighted, for Harry, when we got
together alone said—“By Jove, Charlie, I am so jolly glad; I’ll bet you
anything I’ll fuck my mother before I come back. You know how I long to
be in the delicious cunt that bore me; the moment I heard she meant to
take me with her, my cock stood ready to burst.”

My uncle, too, who also longed to fuck Mrs. Dale, had his intentions in
that direction favoured by the arrangement concluded. The following
night, when I was in bed with aunt and him, in the interval of a
charming little orgie, and after fucking me while I was in aunt’s
bottom, and for the moment he could do no more, the conversation turned
on the coming journey. He expressed the pleasure he felt at the
opportunity it gave him of indulging in a long desired object. The
lecherous old fellow also alluded to a future opportunity it would give
him of enjoying the younger charms of the niece.

“Of course, you and my dear wife between you will break her in to allow
of any action on my part; and, by the way, my dear, I would suggest that
you should surprise Charlie in the act, and tear them asunder in
pretended rage—that Charlie should seize you, and say he would make you
by force a participator in the act, on the pretence of shutting you up
for finding fault: you must break from his arms, and fly to your own
bed, he must catch you as you try to enter it, and push his great big
cock into you, on which you must cry for help, and call upon Ellen to
come to your succour; she will come, but I do not judge her right, if
she will not rather assist Charlie, by holding you, than otherwise. You
must afterwards appear much offended; but it may be safely left to the
influence of Charlie’s great prick to reconcile you to the incest, then
relaxing, as if gained over by it, you can join in their sports.”

Thus this admirable man, with his great knowledge of the world and sex,
gave us excellent advice, which, as I shall state in the sequel, we
followed pretty exactly. Meanwhile aunt, excited by expectation, had
taken my prick in her mouth, and sucked it into firmness, then mounting
upon me, she began such an exciting action, wriggling her magnificent
backside, that it fired my uncle anew. Finding his prick stood
sufficiently stiff, he knelt between my legs, and greatly to the
satisfaction of my darling aunt, gave her the double pleasure of two
pricks fucking her at the same time, one before and the other behind.

My guardian had desired that I should continue with my uncle during the
holidays, and I was to leave him altogether at the end of the next half.
I did not know his object at the time, but I found that he himself went
down to my mother, and stayed for a fortnight, paying great attention to
Miss Frankland. He announced his wish that my sisters should go to a
first-rate finishing school in London in the summer, and seeing Miss
Frankland look somewhat disappointed, he sought an interview with her,
and laid himself and his fortune at her feet; expressing a wish that if
she accepted him, their marriage should take place on her separation
from her pupils. This was too good an offer to be refused, and after the
usual grimace of being perfectly unprepared for such a proposal, and
desiring to have a day or two to consider it, she accepted the offer. I
at once anticipated immense gratification from this connection. I should
naturally, when in London, have every opportunity of enjoying that
adorable creature, and it will be seen in the fourth volume of these
memoirs, to what delicious orgies this connection led. You may be sure
that my loved mistress, the adorable Benson, and the no less lascivious
Egerton, would welcome so glorious a creature as Miss Frankland, at that
time become Mrs. Nixon, and how the Count’s eyes glistened, when he
beheld her in all the majesty of her superb and hairy form; how the two
women gamahuched her splendid clitoris, and how the Count and I strove
which should most fully satisfy her lascivious and lustful passions. But
all this will be seen in its proper place in the sequel.

Meanwhile the day arrived for the departure of uncle and Mrs. Dale, with
Harry. As the coach passed through our village, Mrs. Dale drove over
bringing Ellen with her, to leave her at the rectory, as arranged. All
the proprieties were duly observed. They departed, Harry going outside,
with only the doctor and Mrs. Dale in the interior, I squeezed my
uncle’s hand, and gave him a knowing look, which he returned, with a
meaning wink—and off they went. When we returned to the house, and aunt
took Ellen up to the room adjoining her own, with which there was a door
of communication, and which, I have before observed, had been made use
of by uncle on more than one occasion. When they came downstairs, with
kind consideration, for she could see by the protrusion in my trousers
the state I was in, aunt said—

“My dear, I have some household duties to arrange, so you must excuse
me; meanwhile Charlie will show you our grounds, and amuse you for an
hour or two. When luncheon is ready I shall order the large bell to be
rung for you.”

Ellen had not yet removed her bonnet, and taking up her shawl, we
sallied out. You may be sure we lost no time in reaching the summer
house, already known to you as arranged for and dedicated to the service
of Venus. A fire was always kept laid, which I immediately lighted, but
as it was a bright sunny day, and the place looked south, it was not at
all cold. While I was occupied at the fire, Ellen threw off her bonnet
and shawl, and undid her belt—she wore no stays. I seized her in my
arms, and gently laid her on the couch—her petticoats were freely canted
up, showing her beautiful belly and now more fully fledged cunt. I
stooped and gamahuched her at once. She was so excited that in two
minutes she sighed deeply, pressed my head down to the lips of her cunt,
and gave down her sweet and balmy sperm. I myself was already so rampant
that not waiting to lick it up, I brought my huge pego to the charming
orifice, and plunged in one effort up to the hilt, quite taking away her
breath. But she recovered herself in an instant, and with all the energy
of her younger lubricity, quickly brought us both to the grand final
ecstasy in which soul and body seem to die away in a joy too great for
poor humanity to bear. We remained locked in each other’s embrace, and
lost to all around for some time. On coming to our senses I rose, and
said we must go to work more lasciviously the next time. The fire having
burnt up, and the room being small, it was already of a pleasant
temperature. So begging Ellen to strip, I threw off my own clothes, and
we quickly stood in all the beauty of nature, admiring each other. Some
delicious preliminaries preceded our next encounter, which we
procrastinated till passion could no longer be restrained, and again we
died away in all the raptures of satisfied lust, and sank once more into
the soft languor of the after-enjoyment. Next we had a mutual gamahuche,
and then a final fuck for the present, as it was time to dress and be
ready when called to luncheon. As soon as our toilets were finished, I
took her on my knee, and told her how I should steal along to her
bedroom at night, so that she must not lock her door. I told her also
that we must be as quiet as possible, as aunt slept in the next room.
She was delighted with the prospect of having me all to herself for the
whole night, naively telling me that I gave her so much more pleasure
than Harry did, that I seemed to fill her whole body with a joy almost
too intense, and now that she was to have me every night, she hoped her
aunt would stay away for a month. Here the dear creature threw her arms
round my neck, and kissing me, thrust her sweet little tongue into my
mouth. You may be sure I reciprocated, and putting a hand up her
petticoats, and a finger up her charming little cunt, was just about to
turn her on the sofa, when my aunt opened the door, and stopped further
proceedings. She pretended not to see Ellen’s confusion, hoped I had
amused her, and told us to return to the house, as luncheon was ready.
We, of course, obeyed. With sharpened appetites, produced by our late
warm exercise, we indulged in a plenteous meal, aunt taking care to ply
me with Champagne, for which, as may well be imagined, she had her
object. She afterwards ordered me to my room, to do the daily task the
doctor had set for me and which, as she said, she was to see to the
doing of—giving me a sly wink.

“Ellen, my dear,” she added, “you must keep up your practice at the
piano daily, for an hour and a half at least.”

She thus separated us. I went to my room, lay down, and fell fast
asleep, but in about half an hour, was awakened by the warm embrace of
my glorious and wantonly lustful aunt. She stooped down, and taking my
limp prick in her mouth, rapidly sucked it into its accustomed firmness.
As soon as that was accomplished, she begged me to rise and undress. She
herself had come only in a loose morning dressing-gown, which she
instantly threw off, and jumped on my bed, where she lay stark naked, in
all the splendid development of her superb form. I was naked in a
jiffey, but knowing she would want some extensive fucking, I threw
myself upon her cunt, and gamahuched her until she spent twice before I
mounted upon her, and introduced my large tool into her longing cunt.
Here, also, I played with her, and did not spend myself until she had
twice given down her own contribution. This encounter was on her belly,
with her magnificent legs twisted above my loins for a fulcrum to her
splendid action, for few women could equal her in the delicious wriggle
of her glorious backside. After we had soaked for some time in all the
ecstasies of the after-languour. I withdrew, to place her on her hands
and knees for the next bout, but took advantage of her position to
gamahuche her again into spending twice before I withdrew my insidious
tongue. Then turning round, and gazing in rapture on that most noble and
massive bottom, which, as I have before remarked, I never saw equalled
by any woman, I stooped, and closely embraced and kissed its divine
orifice, tickling her into wild excitement by thrusting my tongue
therein, so much so that she begged me to fuck her at once. I mounted
behind, her hand passed under her belly and guided me into her throbbing
hot and longing cunt. I gave one violent lunge, and sent my prick at the
first thrust up to the hilt. This so excited the dear creature that in
one or two delicious wriggles on my stationary prick, and with a
pressure that seemed as if it would nip it off, she spent profusely,
squealing all the time like a rabbit. I was very glad to give her so
many discharges, without myself being forced to spend, for I wished to
be able to do my duty by Ellen at night. Aunt lay for several minutes
panting and throbbing on my prick most deliciously, until I could no
longer bear to be inactive, although the pleasure of looking down on the
glorious and palpitating orbs below me had given me the greatest
satisfaction. But now stooping down upon her, I passed one hand under to
excite her clitoris, and with the other took hold of one of her
beautiful large and hard bubbies, and began manipulating its nipples—a
proceeding most powerfully exciting to dear auntie. It awoke all her
lust and the dear lascivious creature again spent before I was ready to
follow suit. The pause that followed allowed my excitement to subside a
little, and enabled me to hold out until her lust recovered its wonted
energy. She again, with her pressures and movements, soon compelled me
to more rapid action, but this time I determined to enjoy the exquisite
delights of her delicious bottom-hole. So when she became very hot, I
suddenly withdrew, and, happily, hitting at once on the delicious
orifice, plunged at the first thrust up to the cods, taking dear aunt’s
breath away, but she instantly recovered, and loving sodomy to her
heart’s core, I could not have done anything better suited to her
libidinous passions. It was glorious to see the energy with which she
met and responded to my thrusts, her superb buttocks working with
surprising energy, and giving me, at each stroke, when I buried my prick
to the hilt, the most exciting pressures. Both being so lustfully
excited, matters were not long in coming to the final ecstasy. I felt as
if my whole soul was poured into her, when with loud cries of the
liveliest enjoyment, I spent with fury, in the very heart of her
entrails. She was perfectly overcome with delight, and sank senseless on
her belly, dragging me down with her, for her grip by the sphincter was
too strong to let anything out that was within. We both became
insensible to everything but the delicious death-like languor of the
after-enjoyment. We lay long in this trance of joy, and when dear auntie
came to her senses, she begged me to rise, as she must go downstairs. I
did so, and when she rose from the bed, she took me in her loving arms,
and kissing me tenderly, thanked me for the enormous pleasure I had
given her, and said no one in the world was my equal, and that I ought
to thank her much, that she allowed anyone else to participate in my
exquisite power of fuck. She gathered up her gown, and left me to dress.
I soon was downstairs, and found Ellen, who looked as if she expected me
to find an opportunity to fuck her at once. But after the encounters I
had already had, both with her and with aunt, though I had kept myself
from excess with the latter, I felt no inclination to press matters
again to a conclusion, especially seeing that I intended passing the
night with her. So assuring her we should be likely to be caught if
imprudent and so lose all chance of night work, she was satisfied to be
quiet and reasonable. Aunt coming in, we spent the afternoon in pleasant
conversation, and a walk together in the garden. After dinner I fell
sound asleep on the sofa. The two women, each with the same object, left
me to my deep repose, and only awoke me when it was time for all to
retire. Thus refreshed, I was all ready for the night’s work before me.
I allowed half an hour to elapse, that all the house might to be in
their bedrooms, and then, with merely a loose dressing-gown on, I stole
along to dear Ellen’s room, opened the door and entered. She was already
in bed, impatient for my arrival; she had left both lights burning, as
well as a cheerful blaze from a good fire. I dropped my robe, and was in
an instant stark naked, and in her longing arms. Under our mutual
impatience, our first was a rapid course. Then followed a long enjoyment
of the after-languor, and then a more prolonged and rapturous embrace.
After soaking in bliss for some time, we rose, and I posed her before
the fire, gazing delightedly on all her young charms. The hair on her
cunt had become much more developed than before, her bosom too was
filled out, even her hips and bottom seemed enlarged, doubtless owing to
the fucking she had had since I first knew her, which naturally hastened
her ripening into womanhood. I grew very excited by this inspection of
her increasing charms, and determined to have a fuck on the rug before
the fire. In order to enjoy it the more, I drew forward a cheval glass,
projected it forward, and lying down, directed her to move it until I
was satisfied I could see all the play of her bottom in the position I
meant to fuck her. So lying down on my back, I made her stride across my
head and settle down on her knees, and bringing forward her delicious
little cunt over my mouth, I gamahuched her until she had twice given
down her balmy essence. Then she shifted her position lower down, until
just above my prick, which by this time was rampant with desire. I
guided its point to the rosy-lipped orbit, and bringing her own weight
to bear upon it, she sank delightfully impaled upon the upright stake. I
made her rise and fall a few times, that I might enjoy the sight of its
entrance and exit. Then gently drawing her down upon me, I folded one
arm round her slender waist, and turning my head, found that the cheval
glass, inclined forward, reflected as it were from above her beautiful
bottom and back, and of course her cunt stretched to the utmost with my
huge prick, and above it the sweet little corrugated pink aperture of
her bottom. With my free arm I embraced one hip, and bringing my hand
round, moistened it with the plenteous spunk of her cunt, and insinuated
a finger into the smaller abode of bliss. Her excitement grew furious,
and knew no bounds. The action of her backside was glorious to see
reflected in its active risings and fallings. I let her do all the work,
which enabled me to hold back my own, until she approached a second
discharge, when the heat of her cunt seemed to fire me with additional
powers, and the action of both our backsides became fast and furious,
and soon brought down the ecstatic discharge, which instantly laid us
low, panting with all the wild passions we had just allayed. We lay long
locked in each other’s arms in the ecstasy of blissful enjoyment. Then
rising, we embraced tenderly, and retook us to bed. I would have excited
her and myself to another effort, but she begged off, saying that she
felt quite exhausted and overcome with the day and night’s work we had
already enjoyed. Indeed, I did not wonder at it, for I had made her
spend seven or eight times more than myself. Nor did I regret her
resolution, as I knew the morning would bring my aunt into the field,
and then the two would try my powers to the utmost.

We slept profoundly, and morning was already advanced before we awoke.
From a displaced chair I saw that aunt had been in to look at us, so I
knew she was on the watch. I threw the clothes off dear Ellen that I
might gaze on all her young charms. The want of covering awoke her. She
lovingly looked up at me, and throwing her arms round my neck as I bent
over her, drew my head down to hers, and impressed a loving kiss on my
lips. Our tongues interlaced—a hand slipped down and encircled my
rampant and throbbing prick. I turned, and placing my knees between her
legs, was about to penetrate love’s bower when the door leading to my
aunt’s room flew open. My aunt entered, gave a scream of surprise—well
acted—and cried out—

“Good gracious! What do I see? Who would have thought it—”

And, apparently to save Ellen, she rushed forward, seized me by the arm,
and with a certain degree of willingness on my part, drew me out of bed,
saying—

“I am horrified beyond measure. How dare you commit such a sin and crime
as to seduce a young girl under my care? Cover yourself up, sir,
directly, and go to your own room.”

I boldly declared I would do no such thing; on the contrary, as she had
spoiled my sport with Ellen, I was determined she should pay for it
herself.

“How dare you talk to me, you dreadful boy?”

“Not dreadful at all, dear aunt, look at this poor dumb thing, and see
how he longs to be into you.”

Upon this I seized her in my arms as if to throw her on the bed. She
made a pretended struggle, during which she gave a tender squeeze to my
rampant prick. Then, breaking from me, she fled to her own room,
pretending to endeavour to shut the door in my face but taking care to
give way and hasten towards her bed. I caught hold of her as she bent
forward as if to get into it, and canting up her chemise, the only
article of dress she wore, I was into her longing and luscious cunt from
behind up to the hilt in one thrust. She gave a subdued scream, and
called to Ellen to come and prevent me from violating her. Ellen came,
but wisely would only look on while I worked away manfully.

“Ellen, why don’t you pull him away—he is ravishing me—and oh,
horror!—committing incest.”

She pretended to struggle greatly, but cleverly did so to her own
profit, by wriggling her backside so as to send me further up into her
cunt.

“Oh, Ellen, Ellen, do help me.”

“Ah, no,” said Ellen, “I shall let him do it, and then you cannot tell
upon me.”

My aunt seemed greatly distressed at this, and actually managed to shed
tears, then buried her face in the bed as if in despair, but all the
time most actively seconding me. As the crisis drew near, she raised her
head, and said—

“Heaven pardon me, this mere simple schoolboy is exciting me to such
pleasure as I never before felt.”

She then gave way to all her lubricity, and we brought matters to a
crisis in the utmost ecstasy of enjoyment. Aunt’s head sank on the bed,
while the rapturous inward pressures of her cunt soon began to raise my
prick to its pristine vigour. She felt its throbs and responded to them,
but no doubt thinking that an immediate repetition would betray our
previous intimacy, she turned her face and body suddenly round, and
completely unseated me, my prick coming out with a plop. She began again
to weep, women can do so at pleasure, and to scold me for the dreadful
crime I had committed; to do so to her was incest—here followed sob upon
sob. I threw my arms round her neck, and kissing her tears away, laid
all the blame on that rampant fellow—taking her hand and placing it on
my still stiff prick. She drew her hand away quickly, but not before she
had given it a gentle squeeze. She told me I was a dreadful boy, and
that I must go away and leave her and Ellen to think over what could be
done in such an awful dilemma.

Here Ellen came forward, and tenderly kissing her begged her not to send
me away.

“I do so love him, dear madam, and I do so long to have him now—it was
so exciting to see him having you, that I shall die if you don’t let me
have him now.”

“Dreadful! dreadful!” said aunt. “Why, I thought I was just in time to
save you.”

“Oh, no, he had slept with me all night, and has often had me before,
but he was not the first who had me, so that there was no violation nor
seduction.”

“Then you must have seduced him, you wicked minx, for a more innocent
boy never was known.”

Poor Ellen, confounded at the accusation, repelled it as untrue, and
said she knew well enough who seduced me.

Aunt for the moment felt this as a home thrust, for be it remembered,
she fancied she had had my maidenhead.

“What do you mean by that? I insist upon you speaking out.”

Ellen gave way and said it was Mrs. Dale who first had me.

“She had accidentally seen how powerfully Charlie was armed, and then
could not resist teaching him how to use his weapon. I saw them doing
it, and hence I longed for it myself. Look, dear madam, what a noble one
it is. I am sure, if you had known of it, you could not yourself have
resisted having it, try it, try it once more, and I am sure you will
forgive us, and share our joys.”

I seconded this good advice. Aunt seemed to be afraid of me, and jumped
into bed. While she was on her hands and knees I also jumped up, and
catching her round the waist, held her fast until I could also kneel
behind her and bring my prick into play. With all her apparent attempt
at resistance everything was done in such a way as to facilitate rather
than prevent matters going forward. Of course I was in her in a moment,
and then remained quiet for a few minutes to let her enjoy her inward
pressures for which she was so famous. She had buried her head in the
pillow, crying out—

“It is dreadful!—it is dreadful!”

Ellen came and leant over the bed embracing her, and telling her not to
resist, but to take it in freely, and then she was sure it would give
her the utmost pleasure.

“It is that which horrifies me, my dear, I never felt anything so
exquisite in my life before, but then think of the sin—with my own
nephew! it is quite an incestuous connection.”

“What does that matter, dear aunt? for I shall call you aunt too, you
are so lovable and so beautiful. Oh, it was such a pleasure to see him
doing it to you and you are so gloriously fine a woman, I longed to be a
man to have you.”

She had embraced aunt’s splendid bubbies, than which nothing could more
please her, and now she begged to be allowed to suck one. Aunt gave way,
and was delighted. She slipped the hand next to Ellen down to her
charming cunt—Ellen opened her legs—Aunt’s fingers began frigging her.

“Ah, my dear, how I loved to embrace my own sex at your age, our tongues
acted instead of men, and I could still delight in a fine fresh one like
this, it would almost reconcile me to what this bad wicked boy is
doing.”

“Oh, that would be charming!—do let us do it at once. Charlie can
withdraw for a moment while I get under you, and while you lick me I can
excite you and see the glorious work above me.”

“You tempt me much, my dear girl, but what would your aunt say if she
knew?”

“But she never will know,” said Ellen, who was all the time arranging
herself on the bed.

Aunt moved aside to allow Ellen to get under her, who then begged aunt
to throw off her chemise that both their bodies might be in close
contact. Aunt was longing to do so, yet made some grimaces about it.
She at length complied, and striding across Ellen, threw herself with
avidity on the delicious young cunt below, and began to gamahuche her
_à mort_. I instantly resumed my position. Ellen guided my prick into
aunt’s burning cunt, then frigged aunt’s clitoris, and worked a finger
in my fundament, while aunt was so delightfully gamahuching her. We all
rapidly came to the grand finale, with an excess of lubricity rarely
equalled. We were all somewhat exhausted by this bout, and, as it was
getting late, we rose. Aunt pretended to forgive my violating her for
the pleasure I afterwards afforded her. She embraced Ellen tenderly,
and said she had so enjoyed her person she hoped to renew such a
delight. Then taking hold of my prick she kissed it and sucked it until
it stood upright, and said—

“I don’t wonder, my dear, at your having it when once you had seen it,
and I envy Mrs. Dale the pleasure of having first enjoyed such a
monstrous thing. If I had known he was so wondrously provided, I doubt
if I could have resisted the temptation to teach him how to make use of
it myself—my only wonder is how such a little thing as you have got
could ever take it in.”

Ellen laughed, and said that her cousin Harry had opened the way, or she
doubted if ever she could have admitted it, but I was so gentle while
getting in, and when once in, it filled up every crevice so deliciously,
that she should grieve much if she were refused access to it in future.

“So, dear aunt, I hope you will let him do it to us both. I can do to
you what you have just done to me, because before we had him and Harry,
aunt and I used to amuse ourselves in that way. Aunt is immense in that
particular, she could put it a little way into me, and gave me great
pleasure, and she said that I sucked it better than either her late
husband or any of half-a-dozen schoolfellows who used to amuse each
other; so, dear aunt, you must let me do it to you while Charlie is in
me, and then you will do it to me while he is in you. Only fancy how
nice it will be.”

“Oh, you dear little coaxer, you are enough to seduce an angel.”

So all was arranged that Ellen should come from her room and I from
mine, and meet in aunt’s bed at night. We did so meet, and a most
glorious eight days we spent. I showed aunt that I could get into
Ellen’s bottom-hole, and thereby gave her immense pleasure, and with
more reason the same result would occur with her. She gave an apparently
reluctant consent, and, that done, there was no bridle to the utmost
lubricity that the most wanton lust could devise. Aunt took immensely to
Ellen, and gamahuched her _à mort_, while the other repaid her in kind.
I did not regret this for it relieved me from too excessive work. Thus
we passed a most delightful eight days before the absent ones joined us.
Both uncle and Harry had succeeded in their desires. From each I had the
fullest details, but as their stories would in some particulars repeat
themselves, I shall relate the events in a connected narrative.

Uncle and Mrs. Dale had the inside of the coach to themselves, Harry
riding outside. Uncle began by praising Harry; and then reverting to the
time he was first sent to the rectory, and the note Mrs. Dale sent with
him; he asked, not without a knowing smile, if the intimacy she had
formerly feared had been at all renewed, because he had observed that
Harry appeared worn and pale on his return on the Mondays, and was dull
and stupid that day. Mrs. Dale seemed somewhat alarmed at hearing of
this, probably she began to think that something might have occurred
between the cousins while she was busied with me, uncle observed her
uneasiness, and, guessing the cause, said—

“My dear Mrs. Dale, if anything has taken place, and anything comes of
it, I am a man of the world, and you may rely upon my assistance and
discretion to take such steps as may tend to keep it from the knowledge
of the world.”

She thanked him, and said she would be glad to accept his aid if any
unfortunate event should have happened—but she hoped not.

Uncle saw that her fears were excited, so he held onto the subject, so
at last she avowed that she feared there might have occurred some
passages between the two cousins, for she had foolishly trusted that all
thought of that had gone out of their heads, and she might not have
taken such precautions as she ought to have done.

“Well, my dear madame, my services are at your disposal in case of any
necessity, I am not in reality strait-laced, although, in my position, I
am obliged to appear so. I feel certain that my experience would be able
to suggest the best way of hushing up the scandal if such should be
likely to occur.”

Mrs. Dale was profuse in thanks, and the doctor became warmer in his
discourse, saying that for such a woman as herself, whom he had long
admired and coveted, he would do anything.

“For, my dear madam, though I am in the church, something of the old
Adam still adheres to me, and the sight and touch of one who has so
charmed me as you have done makes a young man of me again.”

Here his arm glided round her charming little waist. He drew her to him,
and with some coyness and words of refusal, she yielded her lips to his
embrace. His other hand, lifting up her petticoats, sought to feel her
beauteous cunt. Again resistance of hand and tongue, but a yielding for
all that, and the doctor soon got possession of her lovely cunt. Finding
her large and fine clitoris in a state of stiffness, he knew that her
passions were excited. So opening her legs, he got between them down on
his knees, and as he previously unbuttoned his trousers in readiness and
the fresh cunt stimulating his powers, he pulled out his prick fully
erected, and quickly established himself up to the hilt within, the lady
up to the last declaring she could not allow him, but wriggling her
bottom to perfection as soon as she felt the doctor’s very fine prick
working within her. She then hugged and seconded him, kissing and
tongueing to his heart’s desire. They soon brought things to the
ecstatic conclusion, to the great satisfaction of both parties.

Of course, after this there was no difficulty in arranging for a
comfortable meeting in London. Indeed, it was resolved that they should
lodge in the same house and have contiguous apartments. On their arrival
in town they put up at one of those large lodging houses in Norfolk
Street, Strand, and were fortunate in finding the first-floor bedrooms
vacant. The house was a double one, or rather two houses opening into
each other. The doctor’s bedroom was in the front, and a former door of
communication with the back room was locked on one side and bolted on
the other. Mrs. Dale took the back room, from whence opened a small room
with a bed in it, where Harry was lodged. The doctor had thus easy
access when the lady chose to withdraw the bolt on her side. After
consultation it was thought more advisable that she should go into the
doctor’s room, so that Harry might not by any possibility, hear any love
exclamations that might happen to escape them in the excess of their
amorous amusements. Of course, the doctor, who knew all about Harry’s
great desire to fuck his mother, and that he meant to do so by one way
or another in London, communicated his intention of having Mrs. Dale
into sleep with him that night, and, therefore, begged Harry to defer
his attempt until after the first night, and then the doctor would aid
him in his efforts.

The wily doctor fully intended, after Harry had perfectly succeeded, to
become the future companion of their incestuous intercourse. Harry’s
bedroom door had one of those old-fashioned brass locks that were
screwed onto the inside of the door, with a brass covering for the bolt
at the side—not morticed as is now usual. Mrs. Dale locked her son in
after he retired to bed. Harry noticed the circumstance and smiled to
think how easily he could foil her but as he had promised the doctor to
make no attempt on his mother that night, he went to bed and slept
soundly. Next day he provided himself with a turn-screw and a small
phial of sweet oil. When mamma was busy at cards, he slipped upstairs
and easily unscrewed the brass receiver of the bolt, he oiled the screws
and worked them in and out until they went freely and then screwed the
covering on again, and felt secure of entering mamma’s room whenever he
pleased. It had been combined between the doctor and him that by means
of gamahuching and frigging, mamma should be put into a state of great
excitement without allowing her to be satisfied, so that her passions
might be in favour of being fucked, no matter by what prick. For this
purpose the doctor was to keep her with him till dawn. At night Harry
watched through the key hole, and when he saw his mother pass into the
doctor’s room, he at once unscrewed the covering, shot back the bolt,
and screwed the cover on again. He was thus all ready for any event, and
if his mother was astonished at his entrance, he could say he found the
door open, and she must have forgotten to lock it. Thus prepared he went
to bed and slept soundly. He was awake before seven o’clock, and gently
opening the door a little, he could see by the opposite open door, and
the light in the doctor’s room, that mamma had not yet left him. He drew
on his woollen socks, and sitting where the light flashed through the
key hole, awaited his mamma’s return, which occurred very shortly after.
The shutting off the light by closing the door of communication told him
that she had returned to her own room. He heard her sit down on the pot,
and the force of the flow of water proved how healthy she was. He heard
her rustle into bed. Then throwing off his dressing-gown and socks he
opened the door and approached his mother’s bed. Being awake, she
instantly saw him in the half-daylight that came from the unshuttered
window.

“Harry! What on earth brings you here, and how did you open the door?”

“I heard you moving, dear mamma, I could not sleep for the cold. I got
up and tried the door, it was not locked, you must have omitted to turn
the bolt, but I should have rapped and called to you, if it had not been
open. I want you to let me get warm in your nice warm bed, and you will
cuddle your poor Harry—will you not, dear mamma?”

“If you will be quiet, and speak lower, for the doctor may hear you, you
may come in, and if you turn your back, I will warm you.”

Harry lost no time in lying down by her side, and being really very
cold, and even shivering, he was glad enough to do as she bid him, and
turn his back, and cuddle his bottom into his mother’s belly. She said—

“Poor boy, he is indeed cold, now go to sleep in mamma’s arms.”

Of course, he had no such intentions. Speedily getting warm, he turned
his face to mamma, and whispered, in the same tone she used—

“Oh, how I love my beautiful mamma.”

Pressing his belly against hers, and letting her feel his prick standing
against her mons Veneris.

“Harry! What do you mean by embracing me in that way—don’t you know I am
your mother, sir?”

He had seized with one hand her beautiful firm bubbies, and was
evidently in full amorous excitement, as she could feel by the stiff
pego pushing against her mount of Venus.

“My darling mamma, if you knew how much I love you and how I have longed
to embrace your beautiful body.”

“Go along, you impudent boy, do you not know it would be sinful to
indulge in such sentiments with your mother—leave me directly.”

“Oh, no, mamma, I can’t, indeed, my own mamma. I mean to possess you,
what harm can there be in returning to whence I came.”

Here he transferred his hand from her bubby to her splendid mons
Veneris, and showed what his words meant. She pretended to be very
angry, and endeavoured to push him away, but he held her round the waist
with his other arm too well.

“Desist this instant, or I shall cry out.”

She really appeared very angry but, nevertheless, did not excite a
whisper during all the colloquy before or after. Harry now thought of
his best argument.

“Why do you attempt to repulse me in this way, dear mamma? Why should
you not let me enjoy your person as much as you like Charlie to do it?”

She gave a start at this home thrust.

“What do you say, you naughty boy? and where did you hear such a
falsehood as that? Is that one of your friend Charlie’s inventions,
after all the kindness I have shown him?”

“My darling mamma, Charlie never opened his lips to me on the subject. I
speak from what I saw with my own eyes.”

“What do you mean? Tell me directly.”

“Well, my loved mamma, do you remember the first Saturday night that
Charlie and I slept at home: after retiring to my room, I was obliged to
go downstairs to the water closet, where I went in my stockings, and
without a light, not to disturb you. I was coming up again, when a
sudden flash of light shone out in the upper passage. Mounting the
stairs, and when my head was on a level with the upper floor, I saw you
going towards Charlie’s room. I went into my own, but left the door open
to see when you would return; finding you did not come back, I crept
softly along the passage, until I came to the turning that led to
Charlie’s room. The light shone through the key hole. I quietly
approached. You know the bed exactly faces the door—and there, my
darling mamma, I saw you initiate Charlie into what was to him a
previously unknown pleasure. Oh! my beloved mother, the sight of your
naked charms, of the delicious way in which you were giving him his
first lesson in love, maddened me with desire. I was almost tempted to
come in upon you and violate you, if you would not consent. It was in
that state I remembered that Ellen was asleep in your bed. I ran there,
and throwing off the little I had on, I lay down beside her, and began
feeling her private parts. She awoke and said—

“‘Dear aunt, do you wish me to do the same to you?’

“Her hand passed down to my erect member, she gave a cry of
astonishment. I whispered it was only me.

“‘Oh! you must leave me directly. Aunt can only have gone to the water
closet, and will be back directly.’

“She was not to be pacified until I convinced her that there was no
chance of your speedy return, so I was obliged to bring her along to
Charles’s door; we saw you quite naked, rising and falling on the
enormous weapon that Charles has. I never before saw it erect and could
scarcely believe my eyes; nor was it less wonderful the way in which you
so charmingly took it in. It greatly excited Ellen, as well as me. We
returned to your room—the fire still burned. I laid her down on the rug
before it, and took her maidenhead. She had seen how Charlie’s monstrous
affair went easily into you, and felt how much less mine was, so she
never dreamt of it hurting her, and she let me get fairly within the
lips; then, while making her spend, I suddenly thrust it through all
impediments, and the affair was done; she gave a scream, as it hurt her,
but I had shut the door and none of you heard it. I let her sleep after
this, and did not do it again till morning. The next night we again
watched your delicious proceeding. Ellen was less sore, and we repeated
your example several times. She continues to this day to wonder at the
enormous size of Charlie’s tool, and is surprised at your taking it in
so easily. But, oh, my mother, how my passions have been excited by your
glorious charms. What is Ellen compared with you? She did very well to
relieve my agony of desire to possess you, when I knew you were better
occupied, and that I could not do so—but that is all. It is you, and you
alone, my beloved mother, whom I adore, and I wildly long to possess
this dear and magnificent cunt beneath my hand.” Mrs. Dale was perfectly
flabbergasted at this recital. “You abominable boy, how dared you to
follow me, and be a spy upon your mother, and to make it known to Ellen,
too; doubtless you have been boasting of it, and telling others.”

“No, indeed, mamma, Ellen and I were on oath that we would never reveal
to any mortal the delicious sight we had seen—so you see, darling mamma,
that you can fully trust your own boy. Oh, do let me do it; feel how my
poor thing throbs.”

Here I must give you Harry’s own account of what took place.

“I took her hand with very little resistance, and I could feel her
fingers gently clasped my prick, before she withdrew her hand.

“But no—it cannot be—it would be incest.”

“She twisted her body round, so that her magnificent bottom came against
my belly. As she turned, I slipped my hand down, and laid hold of her
shift, so that in turning, it left her bottom bare, and sticking out
against me. I lost not an instant, and before she had quite settled
down, I brought my stiff-standing pego against her delicious cunt from
behind, and as it was reeking from her previous spendings produced by
the rector’s gamahuching, I plunged it at one shove as far as her
buttocks against my belly would allow, at the same time dropping my hand
from her waist to her cunt, so that when she sprang forward, as if to
turn me out, I met her clitoris, it was quite stiff, showing her to be
really in a state of amorous excitement. This attack on the clitoris
made her as quickly move back, which double movement thoroughly
engulphed me. I lost no time in proceeding to the most active movements
in and out. This was too much for her, she could not resist entering
into the encounter with all the force of her passions, and we ran a very
rapid course, ending in the most ecstatic delight, and with sighs of joy
we lay clasped together in all the delicious after-languor. I could feel
by her exquisite internal pressures that her lust was not yet
alleviated, and this nerved me to fresh efforts. After a feigned
resistance, dear mamma passed her hand behind her, and putting it on my
buttocks, assisted in sending me further in at each home thrust. We were
longer this bout, and enjoyed it more. After the usual indulgence in the
after-joy, she turned, and embracing me tenderly said—

“‘Oh, my dear child, this is very wrong, but very delicious. You must be
very discreet, my dear Harry, for if it were known it would disgrace us
both for ever.’

“‘My sweet mamma, do not fear; have you ever seen anything like
indiscretion in the last six weeks, although I was madly longing for
you? Oh, kiss me, my beloved mother.’

“The sweetest of kisses followed, our tongues met, her hand wandered;
already she found my pego standing.

“‘My darling, I must kiss it, it is so much more developed than I could
have expected, and as hard as iron.’

“‘Not as large as Charlie’s, mamma.’

“‘That is true, my dear; but it is the stiffness, and not the size, that
gives the real pleasure. Of course, when both are combined, as with
Charlie, they are irresistible.’

“Meanwhile I was feeling her cunt: her clitoris, which you know is
largely developed, stood stiff.

“‘Mamma, darling, what a size this is. Ellen told me you could put it
into her.’

“‘Oh! the bad girl, to tell tales out of school.’

“‘Never mind, mamma, I must suck it while you play with mine.’

“I turned on my back with my heels up—mamma lay down upon my belly
reversed. I sucked her clitty while frigging her cunt, and she sucked my
prick until we both spent, and each licked or sucked all the balmy sperm
that issued from the other. We continued our caresses until my prick
showed its readiness for another encounter. Mamma took me on her belly
this time, and as soon as I was engulphed, threw her legs over my loins,
and, by the most lascivious actions, contributed to our enjoyment. Her
glorious bottom heaved in unison with mine, our tongues were interlaced,
and at last with sweet murmurs of delight, we died away in each other’s
arms in the most luxurious ecstasy of thoroughly gratified desire. We
lay long insensible of all around, throbbing in pressures of lascivious
delight, which would have soon led to another love bout, but that mamma
whispered it would be imprudent to continue, for the sun was up, and
breakfast time had arrived. I withdrew from the sweet cunt with great
regret, and in slipping out of bed brought my mouth down to it, and gave
it a loving kiss and suck, played with the magnificent covering of bushy
ringlets, and then tore myself away with difficulty. Thus ended my first
possession of my adored and glorious mother, which was followed by night
upon night of the most lascivious enjoyment. I returned to my room, and
was dressed and downstairs before her. The doctor took an opportunity to
inform me that she had excused herself from joining him the next night
on the pretence of not feeling well, but in reality it was to have me
all to herself for the whole night; and a most delicious night it was.
She displayed and exercised her libidinous passions to the utmost. Never
before had I such a treat. It was, perhaps, the closeness of the
relationship that added to the excitement, but it appeared to me that
she beat even the doctor’s splendid wife. Oh, she was so loving, too.
The way she fondled me in her arms and caressed me was irresistible. I
can’t tell how often we did it—we were at it all night. The next night,
under pretence of fearing to exhaust me, she forced me to retire to my
room after two fucks, and locked me in. I had previously been informed
by the doctor that he had bespoken her for that night, and he begged me
to fuck her first, that the pleasure of gamahuching her might be
enhanced. I, therefore, did not do more than make a feigned resistance
to her when she told me I must go to my own bed. She said she would let
me have one embrace before she rose in the morning but that one was
converted into two exquisite spends. The next night the doctor wished to
repose, as he purposed surprising me in the morning. I laid myself out
for this, and when mamma was asleep I rose as if to piddle. I unbolted
the door and shook up the doctor, and then returned to bed. I had agreed
with him to make more noise than usual in the final ecstasy; he was to
wait long enough to allow of the after-enjoyment, as if he was taking
time to clothe himself a little, and was then to come in with a light.
My mother still slept. It was about four o’clock in the morning. I began
feeling her glorious buttocks, and, sliding under the clothes, turned
her legs apart—she insensibly slipped upon her back, I took her charming
clitoris between my lips, and soon sucked it into stiffness. The
excitement awoke her—she had dreamed I was fucking her—and so was hot
and randy. She drew me upon her bosom, threw the clothes off, and her
glorious limbs clasped my loins—her two hands pressed on my buttocks, as
if to drive me further home, and we ran a most delicious course, I
feigned to be even still more excited than I really was, and almost
brayed at the ecstatic moment of ejection. Mamma herself was too far
gone in delight to notice the loudness of my braying. She lay panting
and throbbing on my prick, almost in a state of insensibility to aught
else beside. Her eyes were closed, so that she did not observe the
entrance of the light carried by the doctor. It was not until he was
standing by the bedside, and made an exclamation of surprise, that she
was aware of his presence.

“She gave a scream—though not very loud—and covered her eyes with her
hand. I scrambled off her. The doctor, with great politeness, begged her
pardon for his intrusion, but hearing what appeared to him an unearthly
noise, he had feared she was taken ill.

“Here the usual resource of woman—tears—fell plentifully from mamma. The
doctor most affectionately begged her to calm herself.

“‘My dear madam,’ said he. ‘I do not in any way blame you for this. I am
a man of the world, and I know that incest is practised to a far greater
extent than is at all imagined, and to prove that it in no way offends
me, I may at once tell you that it was my own mother who initiated me
into these delightful mysteries. I see that this dear boy looks terribly
frightened at my being a witness to the delight he must have had; but to
put him at his ease, we may as well inform him that we, too, have
indulged in that delicious game. I may add that this is not the first
time I have joined in orgies with more than one man or woman, and
nothing gives me more pleasure than to embrace one reeking from the arms
of another, especially if I have been a witness to the previous
encounter. See, my dear madam, how this dear instrument stands stiff in
proof of what I say, and to insure my silence dear Harry must not object
to my enjoying you after and before him.’

“So saying he dropt off his trousers and jumped into bed. He was met
with feeble remonstrances from my mother at doing it before her son: but
I assured her that I rather preferred to see her at work, as she knew,
than otherwise, especially as she evidently enjoyed it so much. So the
doctor forthwith mounted her. There could be no doubt that she enjoyed
it equally with him. My cock stood at the sight. I put it into her hand,
and she squeezed it lovingly—then stooping I sucked one nipple, and you
know how this excites her, and slipped a hand behind the doctor, and
after gently tickling his ballocks, acted postillion to his bottom-hole.
They ran a most exciting course and died away in mutual raptures. No
sooner did he turn off than I jumped up into his place, and in one
moment was up to the cods in that overflowing cunt. Mamma feebly
expostulated, but the doctor begged her to let him have the pleasure of
witnessing the vigour of the youth. I knew that in heart mamma was
delighted, for all women especially enjoy having a fresh prick into them
immediately after a previous one has been withdrawn.”

This is quite true—witness my own dear Benson in our early days; her
greatest delight was to have me the instant B. retired, and she avowed
that nothing could give her greater pleasure. I knew a lady in
after-life whom I and three others used to have together, and no sooner
was one off than another was on and sometimes two at once. She used to
tell us how she deceived her husband. When at Florence she had eight
lovers, and she had had them all on the same night without any of them
knowing of the others. She managed it in this way. She made them
come—two at ten o’clock, two at half-past ten, two at eleven, and two a
half-past eleven. They were put in four different rooms with convenient
sofas. She ran to No. 1 in a merely loose robe, which was instantly
thrown off. She was a magnificently made creature, the sight of whose
charms would inflame anyone. She rapidly got two goes from the first
without withdrawing. Then saying that her husband would be seeking her
if she did not leave him, she rang for her German valet, who used to
fuck her himself, and who afterwards confirmed her story to me, who
showed my gentleman out of the room. Off she ran to No. 2, told him she
had only got away by letting her husband have a go, and that he thought
she had only gone to the water closet so he must do one good and leave
her. Of course the cunt full of fuck only excited him the more, and he
very soon racked off to her great satisfaction, and was dismissed,
leaving the rooms vacant for the two at eleven. As there was not five
minutes to spare she ran to No. 3, where another lover was waiting. The
same pretence was made as to the last, but as he was largely hung, she
got two coups from him and then packed him off, and in the same way ran
to the others, always with the same story, getting two coups out of
three running, who were the best fuckers, and waiting with the last
until he could do no more.

The same lady told me that once while living at Dieppe her husband ran
over to England for a few days. During his absence she had four young
men to supper every night, and made them all fuck her on the sofa squabs
laid on the floor, accommodating one in her bottom at the same time.
During the day her landlord, a married man, used to come in and rack her
off besides. At one time she was left alone at Mannheim, where she made
acquaintance with an officer, who introduced a second, and a third,
until she knew eight in all. She had the whole lot once to supper, and
they all fucked her three times each. She was a wonderfully fine woman,
and could take no end of fucking. Her father had initiated her at twelve
years of age. She was of Greek origin, and actually was hairy and
menstruated at that early age. But all women are rakes in their hearts,
and numbers never encumber them.

During Harry’s encounter with his mother, the doctor stood beside them,
and handled Harry’s ballocks and acted postillion to him. Mamma took to
it most kindly. The sight again inflamed the doctor, the incestuous idea
enhancing the excitement. As Harry withdrew, he begged Mrs. Dale to get
on her hands and knees, to let him put it in from behind. He would
rather have gone in behind but did not think she was as yet quite
prepared to allow that. He only said that the movement below his eyes of
such a fine bottom as hers added to the excitement. He further proposed
that she should kneel over Harry’s body reversed, so that she might
gamahuche him, and he frig her beautiful clitoris.

“You mean to kill me between you,” she said, but all the same complied.
She sucked Harry’s prick and he spent in her mouth, which she swallowed
with great gusto, spending herself at the same moment in advance of the
doctor. Harry kept frigging her clitoris with one hand, while the other
was frigging the doctor’s bottom-hole. It was a long bout, she made
Harry spend twice in her mouth, while she spent thrice to the doctor’s
once, all dying away together in the final fuck. They lay long lost to
everything, and when they recovered, they separated and retired to their
own rooms.

The ice being thus broken, the remaining days were passed in the most
refined lasciviousness. The doctor had his way with her bottom, and
asked her leave to have Harry’s after Harry had had his mother’s
bottom-hole, while the doctor was fucking her, and had fucked the doctor
upon another occasion, the doctor crying out—“Hi, hi, hi!” as if it hurt
him, and he was losing his maidenhead. He professed immense
satisfaction, when she let him have Harry, declaring that he could not
tell whether having her both ways, having Harry, or being had himself,
was the greatest pleasure. Mamma declared that to have both apertures
filled at the same moment was the most delicious. It was then the doctor
said he would try. So fucking mamma in a kneeling position he presented
his great backside to Harry and was well fucked. It was after this
complete initiation that they returned home, and after such proceedings,
the transition to a general entry into our orgies was easily arranged.
As they were to arrive to a late dinner, it was resolved that Mrs. Dale
should stay the night, and we would see what that would bring forth.
They arrived accordingly. Mrs. Dale went to Ellen’s room, taking Ellen
with her to help her at her toilet. Here ensued an explanation between
them. Mrs. Dale felt that there must be an explicit avowal on both
sides. She admitted to Ellen that Harry had come to her bed, and only
succeeded in his horrible purpose by telling her how he and Ellen had
seen her operations with Charlie, and had followed her example.

“And now, my dear Ellen, as there must be no secrets between us, tell me
if you and Charlie have got together.”

“Well, yes, we have. You know I had seen how immense he was, and yet
with what pleasure you took him in. So curiosity made me give way one
day that we were in the summer house, and he slept with me afterwards.”

“Does the doctor’s wife suspect?”

“Oh, yes, she knows all about it. I forgot to bolt the door one night;
in the morning Charlie made too much noise. She came in, merely in her
chemise, ran up and pulled him off me, without imagining she ran any
risk herself. Charlie seized her in his arms, and swore he would do as
much to her, to prevent her telling. She was horrified, and fled to her
own room, but had not time to shut him out; he forced the door open, she
ran to her bed, intending to ring for the servant, he caught her as she
had one knee up on the bed, and was into her from behind before she
could accomplish her purpose. She cried out to me, to come and pull him
away. I went, but told her Charlie was right, as it would prevent her
splitting upon us. I rather think that Charlie’s large proportions gave
her much pleasure, for she soon ceased to struggle, indeed she had her
back to him, and his strong arms round her waist prevented her using her
hands. She cried much afterwards, and talked about the greatness of the
crime. She had then got into bed. Charlie followed, to coax and console
her, and, of course, got into her again. I thought she enjoyed the
second, for her bottom heaved to meet him. She afterwards accused him of
the crime of seducing a young lady, her guest, but I stopped that, by
avowing that my cousin had had me previously. Then she accused me of
seducing Charlie, and here, I must implore your pardon, for I let out
inadvertently that you had initiated him, for I had seen you having
him.”

“Oh, you bad girl, how could you be so cruel and imprudent?”

“Well, dear aunt, there is no great harm done. Charlie’s aunt was soon
quite appeased and regularly joined us after this. She is as fond, if
not fonder, of gamahuching me as you used to be; she has grown greedy
for Charlie’s immense cock, envies your having had the first of him, and
says that if she had known of his wonderful proportions, she could not
have resisted initiating him herself. She hopes that, through my means,
she will become more intimate with you. I have told her of your
beautiful clitoris. She dotes on the gamahuche, and vows that she will
never be happy till she has done it to you.”

This explanation was a great relief to the widow, who knew she was all
right with the doctor, and now foresaw that it would be all right with
his wife also and they would have complete freedom to indulge in the
wildest lubricity. So having dressed, they descended to dinner. The
doctor had explained all their London doings to his wife, so that after
dinner the three ladies exchanged confidence. Aunt was so eager to see
and suck Mrs. Dale’s large clitoris that they adjourned to aunt’s
bedroom, where the doctor discovered them in the midst of their
operations. Mrs. Dale was stretched on her back, with extended
thighs—aunt, with her head pressed by Mrs. Dale’s hands down on her
cunt, was sucking at the splendid clitoris, and working some fingers in
and out her cunt. They were too intent on their pleasure to notice his
entrance. Aunt’s petticoats were above her hips, as she knelt. The old
boy’s cock stood, he advanced, knelt down, got between her legs, and
fucked her as she was, begging her to continue her lascivious operations
on Mrs. Dale. When he had finished, he congratulated both ladies on the
intimate friendship established between them, said it was the best wish
of his heart. He assured Mrs. Dale that his wife was the best woman in
the world, and never grudged him a little variety.

“So I have acknowledged my infidelity with you, and it appears my nephew
has been taking my place, in my absence. She tells me you instructed
Charlie, and that he is monstrous when in erection, as big again as me,
or as a certain Grenadier Captain, once a favourite of my wife’s. I am
curious to see it. She tells me also that he has been sleeping with your
charming niece Ellen, who, I must confess, has raised in me a great
desire to possess her. Now, my dear madam, if you will consent to invite
Charlie to sleep with you and Ellen, I could come in, after you have
each had a turn or two out of Charlie, and take Ellen, while you would
have Charlie all to yourself. My wife won’t object, and I hope you will
give your consent.”

“Well, my dear doctor, after what has occurred between us, I can refuse
you nothing, but I think dear Harry should have some comfort. I suppose,
my dear madam, that the doctor has told you of my son surprising and
violating me. Your husband reconciled me to his caresses, and I can
assure you that without the enormous size of Charlie, he has a charming
way that may please any woman. From what the doctor says, you are free
from prejudices, why should you be left out in the cold, while we are
all enjoying ourselves, why should you not go to his bedroom, and see
what he is made of. I, his mother, can strongly recommend him to your
favour.”

So it was arranged.

During the evening, Mrs. Dale whispered to me to come to them after the
domestics had gone to bed. I went and fucked them both three times,
twice in front and once behind, the one who was being fucked always
gamahuching the other. When I began to tail off, Mrs. Dale arose,
unbolted the door of communication with uncle’s room, and invited him to
Ellen’s arms, who was very glad to have a little further experience of
another man’s prick. Uncle gallantly gamahuched her before fucking her,
then begged to see my wonderful prick, pretended to be perfectly
astonished at its monstrous dimensions, and wondered how Ellen’s little
cunt could ever have taken it in. It was a tight fit certainly, but the
dear creature liked it none the worse for that. Before fucking Ellen, he
begged Mrs. Dale to let him guide my large prick into her. After
enjoying our first movements, and being excited into sufficient
consistency, he proceeded to fuck dear Ellen; even he had some
difficulty in entering, notwithstanding the libations I had previously
poured into her, but being once fairly hilted, he declared it was one of
the tightest little cunts it had ever been his good fortune to fuck.
After this, we proceeded each our way, and with a longer interval,
brought matters to the exquisite conclusion, panting and throbbing for
some time afterwards.

The doctor now retired, and we arranged ourselves for repose. We were
awakened in the morning by the entrance of aunt and Harry. He flew to
his mamma’s arms, who lay down on Ellen to gamahuche her while Harry was
fucking her. Aunt and I coupled in the old-fashioned way. Uncle entered
while we were in full operation, and seeing the tempting backside of
Harry, scrambled up behind and fucked his bottom. After we had done,
aunt pretended to be shocked at his attack on a boy’s bottom—a woman’s
was a different thing.

“Well, then, my dear, get upon Charlie the next time, and I shall fuck
your truly magnificent bottom.”

And he drew Mrs. Dale’s attention to the glorious proportions, not only
of aunt’s bottom, but of her body, and all her limbs.

“Oh, it is indeed glorious,” said she. “I must, my dear madam, gamahuche
you. I have not forgotten the exquisite pleasure you gave me in that
way.”

“Willingly,” cried my aunt, “provided you give me your clitoris to
occupy me.”

“Certainly, that will suit me admirably; but you must lie upon me, that
I may have the pleasure of gazing on that magnificent bottom, and
caressing the immense rotundities of your buttocks.”

Oh, it was a glorious sight to see these two wanton lascivious women in
the full enjoyment of each other. It set us all on fire, and the moment
they had done I slaked the fire within me in the capacious but tight
cunt of my aunt, while uncle fucked her bottom-hole. Mrs. Dale lay under
Ellen, while Harry fucked Ellen from behind, and Ellen gamahuched her
aunt, who herself guided her son’s prick into Ellen’s cunt, and tickled
her clitoris, at the same time acting postillion to her son’s
bottom-hole.

Oh! it was a splendid bout—we were all so excited and it was also the
first meeting of us all in one orgie. We all died away in a perfect
heaven of ecstasy, and lay long in the after-enjoyment. Our previous
night’s work made this the last for the time, and we all separated to
seek some welcome repose before breakfast time.

Mrs. Dale remained our visitor for three days, during which we met in
the doctor’s bedroom every night, and renewed our delicious orgies. Mrs.
Dale carried off her son and niece, and I promised to come over to her
cottage on the following Saturday, when Harry and I took turn and turn
about with the two dear creatures, sometimes fucking one between us two
at once. When the school resumed its work, Mrs. Dale and Ellen always
dined at the rectory on Sunday and slept there, when we made a general
orgie in the old style.

This continued until our midsummer holidays, when I was to leave the
rectory for King’s College. Mrs. Dale’s and Ellen’s pregnancies, daily
becoming nearer to the period of parturition, were getting more
difficult to conceal. We had long discussions with uncle as to what was
best to be done. It was at last arranged that they should leave the
cottage as if for a tour on the continent, but in reality should only go
to Paris, and take apartments in the house of a good _accoucheuse_ in
the environs, and remain quiet there till the period of delivery. It was
not necessary for them to go before we broke up, and the doctor and
Harry and I could accompany them, and after I had seen my guardian on my
return to London, I had no doubt of getting his leave, and the necessary
means to visit the continent up to the middle of October, when the
classes would begin. It all fell out as arranged. Nothing of the
pregnancy was visible, thanks to the full robes worn.

We accomplished our journey, found a capital _accoucheuse_ in a
beautiful neighbourhood, with a large garden. Harry, uncle, and aunt
remained with them, while I returned to London. I saw my guardian, who,
after putting me through an examination, expressed himself much pleased
with my progress, said the visit to the continent would expand my mind,
and that he would furnish me with the means. He recommended that I
should visit my mother first for a fortnight, and announced that at
about the end of that time the girls would come up to London to enter a
first-rate finishing school. He further told me he had proposed to and
had been accepted by Miss Frankland, and they were to be married at the
same time; my sisters were to be bridesmaids, and I could be present at
the marriage before going abroad. All this being arranged, I ran down
home. My mother was delighted to see me, and thought me grown and much
improved. It is needless to say how glad my sisters and Miss Frankland
were to see me. They had had no fucking except by tongue or dildo, so
you may imagine the fury with which they set upon me the first two or
three nights. We resumed all our lascivious operations of former days.
My sisters had developed into splendid women, the youngest still the
most libidinous. Dear Miss Frankland, on my congratulating her on her
intended marriage, lovingly told me that it was the prospect of being
near me that had reconciled her to it. We spent a most delicious
fortnight, which passed like a day.

I found an opportunity of fucking my old governess, Mrs. Vincent that
was. My son was a fine little fellow, toddling about and talking
already. His mother loved me as much as ever, and was become a finer
developed woman, more amorous and lecherous than she used to be. She
said no one could be kinder or more loving than her husband, and she had
never been unfaithful to him but with me, whom, as her own formation,
she must always love, and would never refuse me anything I asked when it
could be safely done. At the sole opportunity I had I fucked her three
times without drawing, and finished with a bottom-fuck. I may here
mention that a little girl followed for nine months from that period,
which she always assured me was mine.

My mother, the girls, and Miss Frankland all came up with me to London.
The marriage went off with _eclat_. My guardian made very handsome
presents to my sisters, and gave me a gold watch, chain, and seals,
together with a handsome cheque for my travelling expenses. He and his
bride, whom I fucked just before she went to church, departed for
Scotland, to return by the English lakes, for their honeymoon trip. A
few days afterwards, having had two or three nights excellent fucking
with my sisters, mamma and I conducted them to their school, and left
them with tearful adieux. My mother was to remain in town for a week
until uncle and aunt’s return, when she intended to accompany her sister
to the rectory and remain there until I returned from the continent. I
was quickly again in Paris. We took rooms near the two darlings, where
uncle and aunt remained for the week they had yet to stay. We took mamma
and Ellen several times to the play, and they slept with us every night.
Uncle and aunt left at the end of the week, but we kept on the
apartments for the dear women to come to us, fucking them as much as we
could. It seemed as if their pregnancy stimulated their lubricity, for
we could hardly satisfy them. We had at least always to take them on
hands and knees, although neither of them ever showed much in
front—their babes lying just between—but, by Jove, their hips expanded
splendidly. Dear mamma measured a yard across, and her backside
projected almost as much as my aun